name: exc, (Any Survival*Excellency)
dep:

text:


name: dbr, Dancing*Between Raindrops
cost: 3m
mins: Survival 2, Ess 2
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK
dur: Instant
dep: exc

text: Most find comfort behind the ordered walls of civilisation, but the
Daughter of Eris smiles and laughs among the chaos of the wildest places.
This Charm supplements a roll to resist environmental damage.  It allows the
character to add (Survival ÷ 2) successes to the (Stamina + Resistance) roll,
and increases the magnitude of the time period until the next check (where the
orders of magnitude are: action, minute, hour, day).


name: wotch, Way of the*Cloven Hoofprint
cost: 3m
mins: Survival 3, Ess 2
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK
dur: Instant
dep: exc

text: Strange snakes are proverbially said to lie with their forked tongues.
Exalts, being human, generally have legs, and Discordians choose at times to
lie with their feet.  (This differs from Lunar Exalted who are, of course,
more likely just to lie with a snake.)

This Charm supplements a roll to evade pursuit, laying false trails and making
the tracks of the Whistling Voice lead into those of other creatures.  It
allows the character to add (Essence ÷ 2) successes when contesting his (Wits
+ Survival) against a pursuer's (Perception + Survival).  If the pursuer is
sucessfully shaken off, he or she will not simply find a trail gone cold, but
will be led to some other local creature, which may or may not be hostile.


name: am, Animal Magnetism
cost: 3m
mins: Survival 2, Ess 3
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK
dur: Instant
dep: exc

text: The balance between order and chaos is closely linked to the balance
between predator and prey, nourishment and destruction.  Thus the nature of
the Ignorant Children appeals to ignorant beasts.

This Charm supplements a roll to find animals, for food or any other purpose,
not by increasing the hunter's skill but by drawing animals (or other local
creatures of equivalent intelligence and power) to him.  It allows the
character to add ([the higher of Charisma or Appearance] ÷ 2) successes to the
(Intelligence + Survival) roll for hunting.  If the hunt is successful, the
hunter will find that a number of other animals, equal in Magnitude to
(Essence ÷ 2), have also been drawn in, though they will be of various
indigenous types, not necessarily the kind hunted.  The character may thus
acquire additional food, or may have to fight local creatures to keep his
prize.


name: bib, Bathing in Brimstone
cost: 5m
mins: Survival 3, Ess 4
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK, Stackable, Obvious
dur: One scene
dep: dbr

text: The Most Beautiful do not deign to have their fair skin lashed by
sandstorms, or a lock brushed out of place in an avalanche.  This Charm allows
the character to ignore all damage to themselves and their equipment from any
one type of environmental damage for one scene.  The environmental effect must
be one which would normally have harmed the character, for this Charm to
apply.  This Charm is not applicable to poisons unless they are a pervasive
part of the environment, e.g., toxic gases around a volcano.

Any number of times during the Charm's duration, he may pay a further 2 motes
and concentrate for a Miscellaneous Action, to heal a single health level by
treating the effect as an additional Erisian element.  This does not count as
a Charm use.  As with the Resistance Charm known as Erisian Elemental
Rejuvenation, the character is Inactive during that action.  He may return to
normal reflexively at any time during that action, e.g., for reflexive
self-defense, but that will disrupt concentration and lose the healing
benefits.  The motes will still be spent in this case.  Also, this power
diverts all healing energy to the Exalt alone, so any mundane equipment they
carry may be damaged during that action.


name: fafa, Fang-And-Feather*Aura
cost: 4m
mins: Survival 3, Ess 3
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK, Illusion
dur: Indefinite
dep: wotch

text: Those who are a Law Unto Themselves do not have quite the primitive,
brutal sympathy with other beings which the Lunar Exalted carry in their
blood, but they can fake it for a while.

With this Charm the character may take on the appearance of any creature of
animal-level intelligence, native to the surrounding environment.  The
character does not gain any physical abilities or traits of the creature so
mimicked, but will be accepted as what he appears to be by any normal denizen
of that habitat.  Resisting this unnatural mental influence normally requires
spending 3 points of willpower.  Those with magical nature or powers which
give them reason to suspect it (e.g., Lunars, those able to see Essence flows
etc.) may resist by spending a single point of willpower.  If anyone
successfully resists, the character gains a point of Hodge (at most one per
scene).  Use of any Obvious Charms, or exhibiting any abilities or behaviors
which are inappropriate to the animal, automatically ends the illusion,
regardless of the presence or absence of witnesses.

The character may shift form once per scene, for an additional expenditure
(not committment) of 2 motes of Essence.  This requires a Miscellaneous Action
but does not count as Charm use.


name: teims, The Earth is*My Sheepdog
cost: 4m + 1wp
mins: Survival 3, Ess 3
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK, Shaping
dur: One scene
dep: am

text: Where others search intently for those they wish to track, the
Discordian Exalt harnesses the twin powers of confusion and laziness, to cause
her very surroundings to bring the quarry to her.


This Charm supplements an attempt to pursue some target, temporarily applying
subtle Shaping to the environment around said target, to confuse them and herd
them towards the Lawbreaker.  This imposes an external penalty equal to the
character's Essence on attempts at evasion by the subject of pursuit.  The
alterations to the environment make the path of pursuit more obvious in
general, giving a bonus +2 dice to any others attempting to follow the same
quarry (or, indeed, the character) for the next day.  The terrain over which
pursuit occurs need not actually be earth: even in the Deep Wyld, this Charm
makes bizarre but effective changes to the target's surroundings.

A being is a valid target for this Charm if the character can see (or
otherwise sense) them directly, or has a trail to begin with, which is
sufficient to allow a roll to track them.  Effects which prevent Shaping from
affecting the target directly make no difference to this Charm, since it
applies to the environment around the target.  Effects which counter Shaping
in an area around the target reduce the penalties and bonuses of this Charm by
an amount equal to the difference in Essence between the character and the
source of the effect, to a minimum of zero.


name: lwra, Living-With-Rocks*Approach
cost: 6m + 1wp
mins: Survival 4, Ess 4
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK, Shaping
dur: Indefinite
dep: dbr, wotch, am

text: "Idealism lives with rules. Realism lives with rocks." - Professor
Ignotium P. Ignotius.  Breaking the normal rules of reality, the Blessed of
Eris truly becomes one with her surroundings.

Activating this Charm, the character merges herself with the nature of the
immediate environment, creating a perfect camouflage: in the East she might
appear as a tree, in the West a patch of floating seaweed, and so on.  Her
Essence signature, and that of the Charm itself, are also transformed, so that
any attempt to detect her in this manner requires a contested roll of
(Appearance + Survival) versus the observer's (Perception + Occult), with an
external penalty equal to the character's Survival.  Attacks or environmental
damage will only affect the character if it would affect the corresponding
environment -- fire would damage a tree, but not a rock.

While under the effects of this Charm, the character is regarded as Inactive,
although she is not actually unconscious and retains her full faculties of
observation.  She needs no sustenance beyond what her new form would require.
She cannot voluntarily move, but will be carried along if her surroundings
move.  She may choose to end the effects of this Charm at any time and act
normally on the immediately following tick.  This Charm is not applicable in
artificial structures (e.g., buildings), unless they are in some way the
natural environment, as within the body of Autochthon.  It is, however,
applicable in realms other than Creation: within Malfeas, for instance, the
Silent Wind is itself part of the environment, so the character may avoid its
effects by choosing to be swept along as part of it.

Use of this Charm gains the character a point of Podge.


name: witd, Whistling*in the Darkness
cost: 8m + 1wp
mins: Survival 3, Ess 3
type: Simple (Dramatic Action)
key: Combo-OK
dur: Indefinite
dep:

text: Joyful company sustains the soul, and the lone loud voice which is sure
of its own location can surely find all other things: "A jug of wine, a leg of
lamb and thou! / Beside me, whistling in the darkness."

This Charm replaces the normal Survival roll for route-finding, guaranteeing
that the character knows the direction of her desired destination and (if one
exists at all) a passable route towards it, as long as the motes remain
committed.  The destination must be a specific place known to the character,
rather than one specified by characteristics (e.g., "the home of my enemy").
It need not be a place which they have already visited, however.

The route need not be safe, and it may be passable only by means currently
unavailable to the character, such as sail or flight, or through a gateway the
character cannot open.  To gain this benefit, the character must continually
whistle at a reasonably audible volume, giving a -4 penalty to all Stealth
effects, a -2 penalty to evasion of pursuit, and a -2 penalty to communication
of all but the simplest of concepts.

The character need not eat, drink or sleep while the whistling continues: she
will accumulate fatigue penalties as normal but will not die.  A normal day of
food and rest at the Charm's cessation will restore her to her previous level
of health.  The character may substitute chanting, humming, gesturing wildly
or any other similarly obvious and awkward activity.  He may simply choose to
stop the Charm and then activate it again after rest, but there is no
guarantee that the same route will be found again.


name: monu, Mantra of*Necessary Union
cost: 4m + 1wp
mins: Survival 4, Ess 4
type: Reflexive
key: Combo-OK, Servitude
dur: Indefinite (Special)
dep: witd

text: The beautiful Chaos which is life must sometimes make a trade-off
between freedom and security, sacrificing some of its identity to preserve the
rest.


This Charm allows other Survival Charms employed by the Anchorite to be
extended to a group equal in Magnitude to the character's Essence, as long as
the members focus entirely on a word, phrase or mental image which the Priest
imparts to them.  This focus prevents the targets from doing anything other
than physically following the Exalt and carrying out the basics needed for
survival: hunting, foraging, eating, sleeping, remaining alert for predators,
and reflexively defending themselves.  This effect constitutes unnatural
mental influence; in most cases targets will be expected to accept it, but
nonetheless the character gains a single point of Hodge.  Normal animals are
assumed to consent unless they are actively hostile towards the character.
The effects also extend to objects owned by the targets, if applicable.  The
motes for this Charm must be committed for as long as the other Charm
effect(s) which are to be extended.  If this additional commitment ends early,
the extended effects persist for one scene, after which the original Charms
revert to applying only to the character himself.
