name: exc, (Any Archery*Excellency)
dep:

text:


name: intro, .
dep:

text: TODO: Perfect attack; Action-longs (maybe as re-purchase?)


name: bbta, Bow Bends the Air
cost: 2m
mins: Arch 2, Ess 2
type: Reflexive (Step 2)
key: Combo-OK
dur: Instant
dep:

text: TODO

[TODO: Review once Ink Monkeys have finished playing around with Martial-ready
stuff.]

This Charm, applied in Step 1 of attack resolution, summons the Erisian's
Archery weapon to his hand, from any point up to (Essence x 2) yards away.
The weapon must be one which the character owns.  It travels via Elsewhere,
meaning that most bindings, even magical ones, will not prevent it from
returning to his hand.  The character may use this Charm to reflexively ready
a weapon and attack in the same action.

The character may also apply this Charm to any reusable ammunition from an
attack, summoning it back to his hand either before or after raw damage is
calculated.  If the ammunition is summoned back before the damage calculation,
no damage is done and no poison or other contact effects apply, but the target
may still take advantage of any counterattacks available.  If the ammunition
is specifically destroyed, it cannot be summoned back.

A second purchase at Archery 3 and Essence 3 allows the character to use the
Charm with an Indefinite duration, applied to a weapon, suspending it in
Elsewhere.  It will remain there as long as the motes remain committed.  When
they are reflexively released, it will appear in his hand, or falls to his
feet if both hands are occupied.


name: wwa, Witch Way Arrow
cost: 4m
mins: Arch 3, Ess 3
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK, Obvious
dur: Instant
dep: exc, bbta

text: It is hard to defend against things you cannot see or touch, even if you
know they are coming.  The Invader of the Faith sends her shot on an esoteric
curve through Elsewhere, reappearing at exactly the right time to strike the
target.

This Charm supplements an Archery attack in a number of ways.  It applies a -2
external penalty to the defender's DVs, unless he or she can somehow see into
Elsewhere.  It causes the attack to ignore any Hardness or soak due to armour
or any similar protections beyond the target's own skin, and to ignore DV
bonuses due to cover.  It does not cause the attack to ignore natural soak, or
soak added by Charms.  It furthermore effectively allows shots to pass through
solid objects, though some magical wards may prevent this.  If the character
cannot otherwise percieve the target through any such objects, the attack will
suffer an external penalty as severe as blindness (-4), unless some other
effect improves the situation.


name: sp, Suspended Perforation
cost: 2m, 1wp
mins: Arch 4, Ess 3
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK, Obvious
dur: Indefinite
dep: wwa

text: TODO

This Charm supplements a character's Archery attack by suspending it within
Elsewhere immediately after he launches it, ready to be resumed at a later
point in time.  Step 1 of attack resolution is carried out, including any
expenditure of motes for other Charms, but without naming a target.  The
arrow, jet of flame or other projectile is fired but vanishes.  It remains
Elsewhere as long as the character maintains the commitment of motes for this
Charm, plus the mote cost of all other Charms, if used in a Combo.  The
character can store at most (Essence) projectiles in Elsewhere using this
Charm.

The motes may be released at any later point as a reflexive action, including
as a counterattack, causing the attack to be resumed.  This does not count as
a Charm use.  The character need not be wielding the weapon at the time,
though they can still only choose a target which would be valid at the point
when the motes are released.  A slight disturbance in the air as the
projectile reappears means that this Charm does not in itself make the attack
unexpected.


name: fr, Fletcher's Rejoinder
cost: 3m
mins: Arch 3, Ess 2
type: Reflexive (Step 9)
key: Combo-OK, Obvious
dur: Instant
dep: exc

text: Even things that go wrong can go right sometimes.  With the Fletcher's
Rejoinder, an Exalt's mischievous will is extended into her projectile,
allowing attacks which miss to loop around and return for a second attack.

This Charm enhances an Archery attack such that, if the attack fails because
the arrow missed (whether due to the attacker's inaccuracy or the target
dodging), or was deflected by Hardness or a parry, then the projectile
returns, allowing the same attack to be re-rolled on the following tick, with
no speed cost or DV penalty.  If the attack fails because of the target's
soak, the arrow falls harmlessly to the ground and the Charm is ineffective;
similarly if the arrow is otherwise destroyed or its flight specifically ended
on the first attack.  If the first attack was part of a Combo, the second
attack may optionally have the same Combo applied, with the cost paid again.
This Charm itself may be used on the second attack, alone or as part of a
Combo, enabling third and further attacks, but each attack beyond the second
is at a cumulative -1 penalty to accuracy and damage.


Some Discordians have been known to use this Charm and deliberately miss on
their first attack.  In this case, the second attack is treated similarly to
an ambush: roll the attacker's (Dexterity + Archery) against the defender's
(Wits + Awareness), with appropriate penalties or bonuses depending on the
defender's wariness.  Failure gives the defender a Dodge and Parry DV of 0.
However, if the defender has already seen this technique used in the same
story, they gain a +2 bonus to the contested roll.


name: qosas, Quiver of*Sticks and Stones
cost: 3m or 5m
mins: Arch 1, Ess 2
type: Reflexive (Step 1 or Step 2)
key: Combo-OK
dur: One scene
dep:

text: TODO

This Charm allows the Moonlight Lyre to use any vaguely suitable small objects
as ammunition for her bow, flame piece or other Archery weapon.  The effects
of any standard type of arrow may be reproduced, though the storyteller may
apply bonuses or penalties depending on materials available.  Dust, grains,
pebbles and so on may be used as firewand ammunition, but the range will be
halved unless the substance is easily flammable, and the damage will be be
bashing, not lethal, unless it is particularly hard and sharp.  Reloading with
easily reachable objects from her surroundings will take the character no
longer than normal for the weapon in question.  The storyteller may impose a
Speed penalty, or require extra actions to reload, if suitable objects are
harder to reach, however.

Unless other effects apply, the improvised items of ammunition must be normal,
physical objects, though they might be magical objects.  They must be of
approximately normal size and weight for the weapon in question, but they need
not be particuarly aerodynamic.  This Charm removes any accuracy penalties
which the character would otherwise suffer due to these weapons being
improvised.

By spending a further 2 motes, the Discordian can also improvise any mundane
sort of bow if vaguely suitable materials are available.  The bow will cease
to function as such after the scene ends.


name: fafa, Feathers and Fins Attack
cost: 3m per attack; or 3m per attack, 1wp
mins: Arch 4, Ess 2
type: Extra Action (Speed +1)
key: Combo-OK, Obvious
dur: Instant
dep: qosas

text: The Children of Eris strive against any and all rules which do not suit
them, including the rules of time which prevent all things happening at once.
Pulling a handful of instants together around her, she launches several
separate attacks in one.

This Charm provides the Exalt with a magical flurry of two or more
Archery-based attacks.  Each attack costs 3 motes, including the first, and
the character may make a number of attacks up to (her permanent Essence),
regardless of the weapon's Rate.  The Charm allows her to make these attacks
without multiple action penalties and with a DV penalty equal to the highest
penalty for any one attack.  The Speed of the combined actions is one more
than the Speed of the longest single action.  For weapons with a Rate less
than 1, the character must spend one (or more) of her extra actions reloading
the weapon after each attack.

At Essence 3, the character may additionally spend 1 point of Willpower to
spread her awareness into another half a moment, allowing her to ignore all DV
penalties from these attacks (but not from other sources).


name: hopa, Handful of Pebbles Attack
cost: 3m or 6m per duplicate
mins: Arch 4, Ess 3
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK, Obvious
dur: Instant
dep: fafa

text: TODO

Just as the Children of Eris are many and disparate in their activities, so
are their projectile attacks.  This Charm supplements an Archery attack,
splitting one item of ammunition into a number of duplicates up to (her
permanent Essence score).  All are aimed at the same target with attack,
defense and damage rolled separately for each.  However, each attack is at a
-1 accuracy penalty and a -(number of extra attacks) damage penalty; for
instance, three attacks would each suffer -1 to accuracy and -2 to damage.  If
Handful of Pebbles attack is used with ammunition costing more than one dot of
Resources per shot or placed in a Combo with Charms that affect the arrow's
accuracy or damage, the cost per duplicate is doubled.

[TODO: Maybe drop cost -- check Archery changes in recent errata.  Also, add
more Discordian flavor/effects?]


name: bta, Becoming the Arrow
cost: 3m or 3m, 1wp
mins: Arch 3, Ess 3
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK, Obvious
dur: Instant
dep: fr, qosas

text: TODO

This Charm supplements an Archery action by allowing the character to use
himself as ammunition.  This allows him to Jump towards his target, up to one
tenth the range which the attack would otherwise have.  If the action is an
attack, the character may make an unarmed attack, or one which uses weapons
which can be wielded at the same time as his current Archery weapon (e.g., a
smashfist worn while using a bow).  This attack gains the Knockback keyword,
and is treated as part of the same attack, using the Archery attack roll to
hit, but the other weapon's details to determine damage in Step 7.  This Charm
may be used in a flurry, but attacks beyond the first in the flurry do not
gain the Knockback keyword from this Charm.

By spending a point of Willpower the Soft and Steady Hand can Jump up to the
full range of his weapon.  If the attack's range has been extended by other
magics, the storyteller may rule that the Jump lasts more than one action.


When using this Charm, the character may make a (Dexterity + Archery) roll to
catch his weapon as he jumps, and take it with him if successful.  Failure
means that the weapon remains at the origin of the jump.  Note also that this
Charm need not necessarily be used as an attack: it could be used to allow the
character to jump up to a high balcony, for example.


name: pth, Piercing the Heart
cost: 5m, or 8m + 1wp
mins: Arch 4, Ess 2
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK, Emotion
dur: One scene or Special
dep: qosas

text: As recounted in stories of old, a well-timed magical arrow can influence
the course of people's lives.  Erisians bring these legends to life with
Piercing the Heart: the Exalt mimes shooting an arrow, firewand or similar --
a weapon is required, but no ammunition is actually used -- and sends an
invisible bolt of Essence, carrying emotional influence towards a single
target.  The attack causes no damage, is unblockable with mundane weapons or
armor, applies a -2 external penalty to the target's DV due to its
invisibilty, and is unaffected by Hardness or soak.  Steps 7 and 8 of attack
resolution will be irrelevant, unless some unusual Reflexive Charm applies.

If the attack achieves even one success, this Charm inspires any one desired
emotion intensely for one scene.  Resisting the influence costs two Willpower,
and will make the target aware of the attempt at unnatural influence.

By spending an additional 3 motes and 1 Willpower, the Exalt can cause the
emotion to fade gradually over the course of (character's Essence) days.
After the first scene, the effect can be resisted for only one Willpower.
However, even once they have resisted it, the target will tend to regard the
temporary emotional aberrance as having been genuinely their own, fabricating
some convincing explanation for themselves, until the Charm's duration ends.
If they are to recognise and remember the unnatural effect once the Charm has
ended, they must spend a further 2 Willpower (or 1 Willpower, if they have
recognised this Charm's used on themselves or others before); after that they
become permanently aware of what happened.  Witnesses may spend 1 Willpower to
realise the source of the emotion provided they saw the Exalt's attack, but
they may do this at any time at or after that initial attack.

Using this attack does not end any Stealth effects on the character, unless
the target successfully resists the influence using Willpower at the moment of
the initial attack.


name: tflab, Time Flies Like a Banana
cost: 5m or 5m, 1wp
mins: Arch 4, Ess 3
type: Reflexive (Step 2)
key: Combo-OK
dur: Instant
dep: fafa, pth

text: TODO

This Charm allows the Moonlight Lyre to bend and loop the flow of time,
loosing an arrow to meet an incoming attack at precisely the right instant to
knock it off track.  This perfectly defends against any attack, even if it is
unblockable.  Furthermore, the character can use this Charm in a Defend Other
action to defend any other being who would be a valid target for an Archery
attack by her, by shooting down an attack as it heads toward that target.  By
spending 1 point of Willpower, the character can even apply this Charm without
ammunition, by miming it with a suitable weapon.  In this case, the Charm
gains the Obvious keyword, as a strange ripple of distorted moments passes
through the air on the way to deflect the attack.  This Charm is subject to
one of the Discordian Flaws of Invulnerability.


name: bofa, Bolt of Fresh Air
cost: 3m, or 5m + 1wp
mins: Arch 4, Ess 3
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK, Knockback
dur: Instant
dep: wwa

text: TODO

This Charm supplements an Archery-based attack by the character, rapidly
opening and closing a semi-stable portal to Elsewhere at the point of impact,
causing a violent upsetting of the target's balance.  The target must roll his
(Stamina + Resistance) againt the character's (Strength + Archery).  The
attack must hit (i.e., not be dodged or parried), but need not inflict damage.
If the target fails this check, he is knocked prone (as a Knockdown effect,
rather than Knockback).

By spending an extra two motes and a point of Willpower, the character can
force all beings within (Essence x 3) yards of the point of impact to check
for Knockback, each rolling (Stamina + Resistance) againt the character's
(Strength + Archery).  Inanimate objects up to roughly human mass will, if
they are not fastened down, also be knocked back.  If the target dodged or
parried the attack, they must make a second check to avoid being knocked back
from wherever the projectile landed.  If the Erisian herself is within this
radius, she will not be knocked back, and her affinity with dynamic chaos
means she will "luckily" avoid being hit by any flying objects.

The character may make this attack without any ammunition, simply by miming an
attack using a suitable weapon.  In this case, the target will not suffer
damage from the attack itself, but is at a -4 penalty to his DV, since the
only indication of the impact will be a shimmering in the air at the last
moment.
