name: exc, (Any Performance*Excellency)
dep: 
text: 


name: ii, Implausible Improvisation
cost: 1m
mins: Perf 1, Ess 1
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK
dur: One scene
dep: exc
text: The Wondering Minstrels do whatever they can to engage the hearts and minds of their audience, even if appropriate props are not available.

This Charm affects all Performance actions for the rest of the scene, allowing the character to improvise instruments, scenery, costumes, dramatic lighting etc., provided some at least vaguely suitable materials are to hand.  Hence external penalties due to lack of props etc. are removed.  This Charm does not allow the character to properly play unfamiliar instruments, but it will allow them to use the instrument in an incorrect but entertaining manner, e.g., treating a shamisen as a drum.  This Charm also reduces the difficulty of all Performance actions, including prayer, by 1.


name: lfaa, Legend*For An Afternoon
cost: 3m
mins: Perf 2, Ess 2
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK, Illusion, Social
dur: One day
dep: 
text: In a matter of minutes, the Midnight Lyres can persuade folk that they are epic heroes, infamous villains or otherwise dramatic characters.  Activating this Charm, the character spends a few minutes talking to a group (of Magnitude up to the character's Essence), attempting to convince them that he is some famous individual, either one already known to them or some completely invented figure.  This Charm supplements the relevant social attack roll, adding one automatic success and making it a form of unnatural mental influence.  As usual, targets may spend Willpower to resist.

If the character is still present when the Charm's duration ends, twenty-four hours later, affected targets will likely be most upset.  However, they will also become subject to the effects of the character's recumbent destiny, unless it is supressed.  If the character leaves before then, he will remain in their memory as this figure of legend.  The character may use the Charm repeatedly to sustain the Illusion, though targets gain a fresh opportunity to resist.

Use of this Charm gains the character a point of Hodge.

	
name: shr, Sprouted History*Recitation
cost: 4m
mins: Perf 2, Ess 2
type: Simple (Speed 3 in long ticks)
key: Combo-OK, Social
dur: Instant
dep: 
text: TODO

Opening mouth and mind, the character activates this Charm in the presence of any being, and finds himself recounting a short history of that individual's deeds.  The target must be able to hear the character's words (or otherwise perceive them clearly and immediately).  The information comes not from the Exalt's own mind but from the power of stories themselves (in game terms, from the storyteller).  In a matter of a few minutes, the character will have spoken of some of the major encounters and actions of the target's life, including some trivial but entertaining details, and some which hint at the target's Motivation and/or Intimacies.  All information will be true, and the character is guaranteed to learn at least one new thing, though he may or may not recognise that.

To the target, the effect of this Charm is difficult to distinguish from a great skill in cold reading plus a smattering of unexpected inside information.  Nevertheless, in social combat it is unnerving.  The character rolls (Perception + Performance + Essence) and compares it to the target's Dodge MDV.  If the roll is greater, the target suffers an internal penalty of (-Performance) on the next action, due to a brief feeling of emotional exposure.

A city, building, demesne or other location may also be a valid target for this Charm, as long as the character can find a resident to whom his performance can be directed.

This Charm may be used on a given target at most once per story, unless the target has since done more significant deeds, or the character learns facts elsewhere which specifically hint at other dramatic parts of the target's past.


name: iss, Intimate Seduction Serenade
cost: 6m
mins: Perf 3, Ess 2
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK, Emotion, Social
dur: Instant
dep: exc, shr
text: TODO

This Charm supplements a Performance roll targeted at a single individual, singing the praises of some individual, to win or weaken the affections and loyalty of the target.  The subject of the song, poem, oratary etc. may be the Exalt herself, or any other being living or dead, real or imagined.  The target forms a positive or negative Intimacy towards that individual, which may be one of love, lust, loyalty or some other emotion chosen by the character.  If the target already has an Intimacy to the subject, both are retained, which may result in internal conflict and confusing behaviour.

The target can spend a point of temporary Willpower to resist for one scene, and the Charm's effects end once the target has spent three points in total.  Use of this Charm gains the character a point of Hodge.


name: shf, Subtle Heresy Foundation
cost: 10m, 1wp, 1xp
mins: Perf 4, Ess 3
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK, Social
dur: Instant
dep: exc, shr
text: TODO

This Charm supplements a Performance roll targeted at a social group, which encourages them towards an almost or actually religious faith in some new idea.  The target of this faith cannot be the character herself.  The idea need not actually be heretical but it must be one which the people have not so far, as a group, considered as a serious belief.

The Moonlight Lyre must spend several hours talking to various members of the group.  At the end of this time, if her persuasion was successful, the character gainst a single point in the Cult background.  The Charm cannot be used to increase the rating of an existing Cult -- too much direct leadership risks the character herself becoming the focus of worship.  The cult may grow on its own, and the character may start as many new cults as the storyteller will allow.  The belief becomes a new Policy for the cult as a group, but it can be in addition to its former Policy, if any, rather than replacing it, provided the two are not irreconcilable.  In this way, the Exalt might be able to subvert existing Cults without drawing the notice of their original master: such dual-Policy Cults provide Essence regeneration benefits to both.

The maximum number of points in the Cult background which can be gained by using this Charm is equal to the character's permanent Essence.  The Charm does not in itself involve unnatural mental influence, though it may be supplemented with such.


name: gsa, Glory-Stealing Arrogance
cost: 3m, 1wp
mins: Perf 3, Ess 3
type: Reflexive (Step 1 or Step 2)
key: Combo-OK, Shaping
dur: One scene
dep: lfaa
text: The Matchmakers are so tied to the notion of "union with the other" that they may seek to impress and take nourishment from even their enemies.  Striking a tragic pose of weakened defense in battle, bustling around during delicate surgery, or otherwise trying to look like he is being epically helpful, the Hand takes the glory.

While this Charm is active, the character may appropriate half the regained Essence or Willpower (rounded up) from any stunt which occurs within (Essence x 5) yards, or any stunt associated with an action of which he is the target (regardless of range).  Doing so costs 1 mote, which must be paid after the character knows that a stunt has been awarded to the target, but before the relevant roll is made.  The character must be aware of the action: unexpected or concealed actions cannot be affected by this Charm.  The entity taking the action still gains the relevant bonus dice, and if the stunt is good enough to result in a reward of experience in place of Willpower, the full experience award remains with the target.

This theft of benefits is a Shaping effect, although it does not directly target the victim, instead applying to the overall stage of endeavors.  Thus personal resistance to Shaping cannot counter this Charm, but area effects can.  The mathematically apt will note that activating this effect for a 1-die stunt is pointless.


name: ddr, Dramatic Death Rehearsal
cost: 5m
mins: Perf 3, Ess 3
type: Reflexive (Step 9)
key: Combo-OK, Counterattack, Illusion
dur: Instant
dep: gsa
text: We know not the moment of our deaths (unless we're unlucky enough to feature in accurate prophecy); therefore, some Discordians choose to practise, just to be prepared.  An Exalt who employs this Charm appears to die in a dramatic fashion, avoiding all damage associated with an attack and becoming Inactive.  He will seem dead to any casual mundane or magical inspection: his pulse will seem to stop, his Essence flicker out.  Observers who have reason to disbelieve this, or are especially motivated to be quite certain that the Erisian character is dead ("bring me his head!"), will find themselves subject to a natural mental influence to accept the Illusion and move on.  If any observer successfully resists the mental influence of the Illusion, the Exalt will know of it.

The effect lasts as long as he remains Inactive, though he may choose to reflexively end this at any time.  Once he becomes active, for whatever reason, the Illusion will not be effective on the same observers for the rest of the scene.  Indeed, for the rest of the story, observers gain a bonus equal to (5 - Exalt's Essence), minimum 1, to their rolls to see through the Illusion of this Charm.

This Charm is not a perfect defence.  Against perfect attacks it reduces damage by half and guarantees to leave the Exalt on his Incap health level at worst.  Damage from one-off environmental effects can be avoided with this Charm, but not ongoing effects such as general scorching heat. 

Use of this Charm gains the character a point of Hodge.


name: mit, March Into Temptation
cost: 6m, 1wp
mins: Perf 4, Ess 3
type: Simple (Dramatic Action)
key: Combo-OK, Illusion, Social, War, Stackable
dur: Indefinite
dep: iss
text: Music may soothe the savage beast, or it may make things even worse.  Playing an instrument of her choice, or simply singing, the Matchmaker employs this Charm to exert an unnatural mental influence on a group of Magnitude up to the Exalt's Essence.  Those affected have either their Willpower, or one of their Virtues (at the character's choice) reduced by the character's Essence, to a minimum of 0, for as long as she continues to perform.  Alternatively, the character can provide all affected targets with (Essence) bonus dice to all rolls for one chosen Virtue, or Willpower, for the duration.  In mass combat, this Charm may be used to alter Drill, Endurance and/or Might.

At any time each member of the group may pay one point of temporary Willpower to resist the influence for one scene.  If the character continues to play beyond the end of one scene, however, they must spend again or come under the Charm's effects.  After spending a total of three points of Willpower against the effects of this Charm, a given individual will be free of its effects.  The target group must be able to hear or see the character for this Charm to work.

Use of this Charm gains the character a point of Hodge, unless all targets willingly accept the Illusion -- which they might do, if they beleive if will be beneficial.
