name: exc, (Any Linguistics*Excellency)
dep:

text:


name: zsd, Zero-Second*Duplication
cost: 5m
mins: Linguistics 2, Ess 1
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK
dur: Indefinite
dep:

text: TODO

As long as motes remain committed to this Charm, the character can copy
existing messages at (her Essence x 100) times her normal rate.  However, the
copies are imperfect, with (Essence) words in 100 being transcribed
incorrectly, to a minimum of (Essence) words.  Each copy made with a given
activation of this Charm will have exactly the same mistakes.  This imposes a
-1 external penalty to any actions which make use of the copies.
Alternatively, the Storyteller may choose some other inconvenient or amusing
consequence of the mistakes.

If the character must translate the message from one language to another, she
works at only (her Essence x 10) times normal speed.  If she wishes to write
down her own thoughts, or thoughts placed in her head by others, she can do so
at (Essence x 5) times normal.  The error rate remains the same in either
case.  However, she gains no speed benefit when writing down speech as she
hears it.  At Essence 3, the character can write copies without a supply of
ink, though she still needs a brush, quill or similar.


name: eks, Everybody Knows Shapes
cost: 4m + 2m per other communicator
mins: Linguistics 3, Ess 2
type: Reflexive
key: Combo-OK, Obvious, Social
dur: One scene
dep: exc

text: TODO

For the duration of this Charm, all intelligent beings who can see the Offendi
can understand his meaning, as conveyed through posture and gesture, without
the need for a common language.  Sufficiently intelligent animals will be
clear about his meaning, as far as they are able to understand the concepts.
Beings who cannot see the character can understand him if he touches them.
Communicating particularly abstract or complex concepts requires a successful
(Intelligence + Linguistics) roll for every five long ticks, and any Social
attack the character would make first requires success a similar roll.

By default, this Charm does not enable the character to understand others,
only to convey his messages to them.  He can extend the effect to other
"speakers" at a cost of 2 motes each, up to a maximum of (Essence)
individuals, including himself.


name: mm, Mondo Moment
cost: 3m
mins: Linguistics 2, Ess 2
type: Reflexive (Step 1 for attacker, Step 2 for defender)
key: Combo-OK, Compulsion, War
dur: Instant
dep: exc

text: The Rambling Minstrels add their own magical spin to the simple act of
confusing someone with a well-placed word, uttering a short phrase which
almost makes sense, but doesn't quite.  This Charm requires a contested roll
of the character's ([Manipulation or Wits] + Linguistics), adding her
permanent Essence score in automatic successes, against the target's (Wits +
Integrity).  Each carry-over success delays the target's current action (if
the Discordian character is defending) or next action (if attacking) by one
tick, while he tries to stop thinking about the phrase and shake off the
sudden sense of utter confusion.  This Charm is not cumulative with other
effects which delay the target's action, since they are then assumed to be
already too distracted.

This Charm may be used in physical or social combat, or even mass combat,
provided the target can perceive the character and could understand the
character's communications, were they not deliberately confusing.  That is,
they must share a common language, or some other effect must allow
understanding.  Communication must be verbal, unless some other effect allows
alternative channels of communication to be used.  Lastly, this Charm
constitutes unnatural mental influence and may be resisted by paying 1 point
of Willpower.


name: tbd, Turkey-Based Distraction
cost: 4m or 4m, 1wp
mins: Linguistics 3, Ess 2
type: Reflexive (Step 2)
key: Combo-OK, Obvious, Social
dur: Instant
dep: mm

text: Whether in courtly settings or street confrontations, most debates hinge
on the persuasiveness or deceit of the speakers.  In a pinch, however, the
best way to fend off intense negativity may be to utterly confuse one's
opponent.  Taking a stance with a strange mixture of aggression and
sensuality, and waving his arms in a psuedo-arcane fashion, the character
shouts some nonsense phrase, such as the well-known Turkey Curse: "Gobble!
Gobble! Gobble! Gobble! Gobble!"  This Charm perfectly defends against any
social attack which is not unexpected, even if the attack is unblockable.

At Linguistics 4, the Offendi can spend a point of Willpower to apply the
defence of this Charm to another character, provided he is aware of the
attack, and the attacker can perceive him.  He will normally be aware of the
attack provided he can perceive both attacker and target, and the target is
aware of the attack, since the targets reactions will show that he or she is
under attack.  Some effects may prevent this; for example, the Solar Charm
Hypnotic Tongue Technique specifically makes the target unaware of its effects
unless he or she pays Willpower.


name: ftt, Forked Tongue Technique
cost: 3m per action
mins: Linguistics 4, Ess 2
type: Extra Action
key: Combo-OK, Obvious, Social, War
dur: Instant
dep: exc, zsd

text: "Out of chaos comes order," a wise man said more than once.  The Knights
of Five are able to transmit their orders along many channels at once, weaving
words and symbols in seemingly-random strands which nonetheless converge on
their intended targets.


This Charm provides a magical flurry of between two and (Essence) spoken or
written actions, with a DV or MDV penalty equal to the highest penalty for any
one attack.  Each action may be directed at any valid target, including the
same target more than once.  The actions may also be used to Signal units in
war, though target units are not themselves granted extra actions: they may
receive multiple messages, but act at a normal pace.


name: tti, Tongue-Twisting Impedition
cost: 3m; or 3m, 1wp
mins: Linguistics 4, Ess 3
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK, Social, Stackable, War
dur: Indefinite
dep: ftt

text: TODO

Targeted on a single conversation, this Charm allows the Taskmaster to
manipulate each participant's messages to others.  The character must be able
to see, hear or otherwise perceive all speakers (depending on the medium) and
understand them.  Magical eavesdropping is applicable, and there is no
distance limit beyond that of the character's (possibly enhanced) senses.  The
player rolls (Manipulation + Linguistics) and the number of successes
determines the degree of control over the conversation.  A single success
allows alteration of minor details; three or more successes mean important
details can be changed; and five or more successes allow complete control over
the exchange.

If a given participant makes a social attack against others, the character may
choose to replace the target's dice pool with his own (Manipulation +
[Performance or Presence as appropriate]), and do anything he could normally
do with such an attack, or refrain from attacking.  If the Social attack
involves magic, the character must pay a surcharge of 5 motes or 1 willpower
to override it, and cannot override attacks which are unblockable or
undodgeable.  The character cannot initiate attacks of his own, unless he is
joined in debate with the rest.

In mass combat, this Charm allows the character to control messages sent
between units with a Signal action, or orders sent within a single unit via
relays.  Only one or the other mode may be used on a given activation.  Coded
messages between units cannot be changed to something else unless the
character knows the code, but they can be rendered meaningless.


This Charm may be activated up to (Essence - 1) times concurrently, either to
influence several different conversations, or to control different
communcation channels in the same conversation: spoken, written, visual, or
even olfactory and tactile methods.

If the character spends only motes on the Charm, then each participant may
make a reflexive (Perception + Awareness) roll, with a difficulty equal to the
character's Essence, to realise that their communcation is being interfered
with.  If they do, they are free to use some other means to point out the
deception, provided that channel has not also been compromised.  Spending one
point of Willpower in addition gives the Charm the Illusion keyword, and
requires the targets to spend one point of Willpower before they can make a
roll.  Regardless of how many participants spend Willpower to resist, the
character will gain at most one point of Podge per activation of this Charm.


name: fwt, Fight With Tools
cost: (2m, plus 2m per dot of rating), 1wp
mins: Linguistics 3, Ess 3
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK, Illusion, Stackable
dur: One scene
dep: zsd

text: TODO

[TODO: This might fit in better as Performance, given the other Charms I have
there.]


This Charm supplements an action to Join Battle or Ready Weapons, allowing the
Erisian Knight to fashion an Illusion of any weapon of his choice by
describing it in some way, be it literally, in terms of the threat it poses,
the great battles in which it has been used, or similar.  Onlookers need not
understand the character's words to be affected, and can resist the Illusion
by spending 1 point of Willpower.  If the player provides a description which
merits a 2- or 3-die stunt, the cost to resist the Illusion rises to 2 or 3
points of Willpower respectively.  Observers gain another opportunity to
resist if any of the following happen: one character sees through the Illusion
and tries to convince others; the character is disarmed or lays down the
weapon, in which case it vanishes, unless the disappearance is suitably
stunted (e.g., "He sheathes his sword."); the weapon appears mundane and
parries an attack that causes at least 25L damage before soak, since it does
not break.  Illusory ammunition for bows and the like disappears after impact,
but this will not be noticed in the heat of battle, unless someone
specifically looks for it happening.  In any case, each observer gains no more
than two opportunities in a scene, and the character gains no more than one
point of Hodge in a scene.

The weapon conjured may have the appearance and statistics of any mundane or
artifact example of its type, of any Artifact rating.  However, the effective
Artifact rating can be no more than (Linguistics - 2), to a maximum of
Artifact 3.  The character is further limited in that his Abilities are
considered to be no more than (Linguistics - 1) for the puporses of minimums
required to wield the weapon.  Thus, a Knight needs Linguistics 4 to wield a
Grand Daiklave, and 5 for a Grand Goremaul, as well as the relevant Strength
rating.  The character may weave an Illusion of paired weapons in a single use
of this Charm, but in that case the maximum effective Artifact rating he can
achieve is reduced by 1 for each.


The weapon may appear to be made of any materials, or to glow, burn or
otherwise be obviously magical, but it provides no magical material or other
bonuses.  It may also have hearthstone settings, filled as the character
desires, but these are non-functional.  The weapon also cannot have any unique
magical abilities, although the character can cause it to show any decorative,
non-functional sensory effects at any time.  Lastly, the character cannot make
an unexpected attack with this weapon, unless the target has already seen him
wielding it in the same scene: if they are unaware of its existence, they
cannot be harmed by their belief in it.

A second purchase of this Charm allows the character to use it to conjure
armor as well as weapons.  The maximum effective Artifact rating is still
(Linguistics - 2), to a maximum of 3.  The armor must be obvious, not
concealed, though it may achieve this by being a glowing cloak, for example,
rather than a bulky suit of armour.  Conjuring armour that could not
originally have been concealed, e.g., a reinforced breastplate, requires
suitable stunting.  The benefits of illusory armor cannot stack with real
armor of any kind, though it can stack with other magical defensive effects.
The character may nonetheless summon armor for dramatic effect; for example,
he could describe a fiery suit of superheavy plate, in the hope of
intimidating opponents.


name: nac, Noetic Alignment*Concentration
cost: (2m or 2m, 1wp) plus distance
mins: Linguistics 3, Ess 3
type: Simple (Speed 6, DV -3)
key: Combo-OK, Social, War
dur: Instant
dep:

text: TODO

With this Charm, a Taskmaster can achieve momentary conceptual resonance with
another being and send orders or other messages directly into its mind.  She
must know the target by name, and the two must either have met and exchanged
words before, or the character must hold an item giving some kind of arcane
link to the target.  If the target goes under several names, any of them will
do.  The Erisian principlnes of balance mean that the target can send a
corresponding message on the following action, at no additional cost to either
party.

The target must be within range, where the base range is (Essence x 100)
yards, with each additional 2 motes spend multiplying the range by 10.  If the
target is in some other realm of existence, the message can still reach them
at an additional cost of 1 point of Willpower, provided some connection exists
between the realms, which the character could traverse.  The effective
distance added by this connection is 10 times whatever the journey would take
at walking pace.  Thus, a message sent from Creation through an open gateway
to Yu-Shan would incur no additional cost; but one sent across the five-day
journey of Cecelyne's sands would have to travel an effective 750 miles
further.  The character must pay the full cost if she is able, even though she
may not know the exact cost in advance.  The cost of contacting someone who
turns out to be in the Deep Wyld may thus be an unpleasant surprise.  If
target is out of range, or magically protected from eavesdropping or
mind-reading, or the character does not have sufficient motes, her Charm fails
to activate and no motes are spent.

The messages will be received as verbal impressions, almost as if the
recipient had day-dreamed someone speaking next to them, although there is no
actual sound.  The message may be anything which could be communicated within
a single combat action, i.e., about 25 words, even if used in social or mass
combat situations.  Social attacks which can be made verbally can be applied
within the communication.  The target may make a social counterattack, and may
also make a social attack on their next action, if they choose to send back a
reply.  Note that the effort involved in un-hitching her consciousness from
her immediate surroundings puts the character at a greater disadvantage than
most Charm activations.


name: lwalt, Letter-Without-A-Letter*Technique
cost: 6m, 1wp
mins: Linguistics 4, Ess 3
type: Simple (Dramatic Action)
key: Combo-OK
dur: Instant
dep: nac, eks

text: TODO

This Charm allows an Apple-Corpsman to conceal a short message (about 100
words) within the subtle arrangement of objects, lighting, ambient sounds or
other such structures.  The message can only be understood by its intended
target, which may be an individual or some set of beings identified by their
inherent nature.  So, for example, "all mortal men" or "all Dragon-Blooded
born on the Blessed Isle" would be valid targets, but "my father's killer" or
"all men who live within 100 miles" would not.  Holding a particular
Exaltation is considered part of a being's nature, for this purpose.  Other
beings will fail to see the message without some appropriate magic, even if it
is pointed out to them, or to understand it, even if they can see it.

The message may be formed from portable items or written onto fixed surfaces.
Insofar as he is able, the character may carve, mark or otherwise change
objects to form his message, rather than rely on placement alone.  There is no
limit to the area which can be affected by this Charm, but the character must
keep the motes comitted while he writes the message, which may take days over
a large area.  Also, a being must be able to see the whole area at once, to
receive the message, and messages written across larger areas will fade more
quickly.  This Charm allows the message to survive gentle movements and
natural wear and tear for up to (Essence x 10) years, but significant changes
such as flood, fire or simply painting over a wall will obscure a
proportionate amount of the message.  Of course, the character may re-apply
the Charm later.

The message may contain mental influence, but the recipient percieves the
message clearly, so it is not inherently unexpected.  The recipient need not
share a common language with the author, since the communcation is sub-verbal.

[TODO: Not sure about "Ess x 10 years".  Maybe upgrade duration at higher
Essence?]
