name: exc, (Any Socialize*Excellency)
dep:

text:


name: intro, .
dep:

text: TODO

Also need one or more out-of-ability Charms: Investigation, Medicine, (combat
-- but also 3rd Div), Dodge, Occult (prayer, Cult?), Stealth (hiding among a
society, as Sidereals do), Bur(?)

Unexpected social attack?  Extra Action (or put that in Perf?)?

Something to hide/split/multiply the leader of a social group, so he's harder
to attack.  Or boost his stats with those of others, or based on the group
(e.g., on its Magnitude)?

[See Lunars' Mirror Sight Dismay.]


name: dmi, Disguising Motivation*and Intimacies
cost: 2m
mins: Socialize 3, Ess 2
type: Reflexive
key: Combo-OK, Social
dur: Instant
dep:

text: TODO

Disguising Motivation and Intimacies.

Increases the difficulty of attempts to read the character's Motivation,
Intimacies, Virtue ratings or intentions in the current scene, by the
character's (Socialize) [Would normally be diff of half Man + Soc.]  If the
attack would have succeeded but for this increased difficulty, the attacker
will believe that it did succeed, and the character can determine exactly what
the attacker perceives in respect of whatever information would have been
received.

[Lunars have Mask of White Jade, Man 3 Ess 2, which fails any opposed Man roll
for 2m, or 1wp if Charm was used.  Not clear if it's a perfect defence --
doesn't say so.]


name: hci, Holding conflicting Intimacies
cost: 3m
mins: Socialize 3, Ess 3
type: Reflexive
key: Combo-OK, Social
dur: Instant
dep: dmi

text: TODO

Holding and acting on conflicting Intimacies.

The character is able to instantly take on an Intimacy which conflicts in some
way with one he already holds, and treat it as equally valid for all purposes.
If some effect depends on the Intimacies he holds, he may regard either or
both as taking effect or precedence, as he prefers.  Both will remain
indefinitely, but a scene spent reinforcing one subsequently (or any other
effect which reinforces it) also counts as weakening the other, and vice
versa, unless this Charm is re-invoked.

If the character holds more than his maximum number of Intimacies, then an
intimacy of his choice will start to fade out after the scene in which this
Charm is invoked.  This can be any Intimacy, including the one added by this
Charm.

[Note: if an attack opposes Intimacies, defenses are raised.]

[TODO: Maybe something else more interesting, like, spend an additional 1wp to
instead form an Intimacy which opposes one known Intimacy of anyone present.
Intimacies remain linked as before.]


name: gsd, General social*defence
cost: 4m
mins: Socialize 3, Ess 3
type: Reflexive (Step 2)
key: Combo-OK, Social
dur: Instant
dep:

text: The Offendis know that to get a group to cooperate, one must consider
all members' points of view, and with the self-contradictory wisdom of Eris
they are uniquely skilled at doing so.

This Charm allows the character to briefly shift her opinion in the face of a
social attack, her response treating it in a totally different way to what the
attacker intended -- possibly part way through a sentence which seems to
whole-heartedly accept the point made.  The effect is to perfectly parry any
social attack, even if it is unblockable.

Additionally, the skill with which the character renders her surprising
response imposes an external penalty of -(Essence) on any further social
attacks based around the same point or similar ones, from any character
present at the time, in the following action.  This penalty decreases by 1
over subsequent actions until it reaches zero.

[TODO: Follow-on of Stealth???]
				       

name: saic, Social actions*in combat
cost: 2m, 1wp
mins: Socialize 4, Ess 2
type: Reflexive
key: Combo-OK, War
dur: One scene
dep: gsd

text: TODO

This Charm allows the character to make social attacks against targets with
whom she is joined in battle or mass combat.  The targets must be able to
perceive, hear and/or understand her as normal if necessary for the attacks.
The character may reflexively spend 1 mote when making non-social attack while
this Charm is active, to add a single social attack which neither suffers from
multiple action penalties nor increases them for other attacks.  A single
non-social attack flurried with a single social attack therefore suffers no
penalties.

[Some recent forum thread spoke about Lunar follow-ups to Charismatic Lunar
Trick?]


name: usn, Understanding*social norms
dep:

text: TODO

Understanding social norms & desires.  Compare with existing charms about
perceiving patterns, and things out of place (Pattern-Disturbance Sense in
Investigation).  Maybe something to identify individuals who could be
persuaded to disrupt or oppose the norm?


name: fm, Flashmob!
cost: 4m or 4m, 1wp
mins: Socialize 4, Ess 3
type: Simple (Speed 6 in long ticks)
key: Combo-OK, Social
dur: One scene
dep: usn

text: TODO

This Charm allows the character to temporarily form a social group with a
particular purpose, without making his involvement obvious.  The character
first spends a few minutes interacting with a handful of people, and may do so
non-verbally or indirectly, for example, by drawing attention to someone or
something else, dropping an interesting item, causing a minor accident or
similar.  On activating the Charm, he rolls [(Charisma, Manipulation or
Appearance) + Socialize], choosing the attribute most appropriate to his
actions.

All who fail to defend against the attack form a social group of Magnitude up
to the character's (Essence), which immediately begins to act on an intent of
his choice.  If this intent directly conflicts with the Motivation of any
target or would be an unacceptable order, that target is unaffected.  He
need not verbalise the intent or make it explicit in any way.  He cannot
change the intent after the group is formed, except by further social attacks.

By spending a point of Willpower, the character can make the group's intent
contagious.  All who interact with the group within that scene are subject to
the same social attack and will join the group if they fail to defend.  There
is no limit on the size to which the group can grow in this manner.

At the end of the scene, the group will normally disperse, perhaps in some
confusion at their actions.  However, if the intent matched the original
actions or overall interests of a majority of the members, or the character
described his actions with a particularly apt stunt, the group may linger.  At
Essence 4, the group constitutes a temporary Cult and grants the character the
benefits of an appropriate number of dots in that Background, for as long as
it persists in following the intent with which it was seeded.  Depending on
circumstances, the Storyteller may allow the character to spend experience to
make the Cult permanent.


name: ssn, Subverting social norms
dep: usn

text: TODO

Subverting social norms.  Something to create an Intimacy/Loyalty which the
person will hold but only act on covertly, or not in the presence of
outsiders.


name: sit, Schismatic Innoculation*Technique
cost: 5m, 1wp
mins: Socialize 3, Essence 2
type: Simple (6 long ticks)
key: Combo-OK, Compulsion, Social
dur: Instant
dep: ssn
review: 

text: TODO

[TODO: Should possibly have higher mins.  Compare with Lunar "Social Unit
Charms".  Should possibly simplify effects a bit.]

Using this Charm, the Overseer protects a specific loyalty (Intimacy) within
the Policy of a social group.  The character must have spent several hours
over the previous month interacting with the group, though not necessarily in
an obvious way.  Activating the Charm in the presence of at least one member
of the group, the character causes a sub-group of Magnitude up to (character's
Essence) to gain a further Intimacy to protecting the chosen loyalty.

Any time a group Leader's Loyalty pool is reduced to zero and he implements
some action contrary to the loyalty, causing some of the group to split off,
two effects come into play.  First, some of the affected members will remain
in both the original and split-off group, and work to re-join the two parts in
subsequent scenes, and likely undo the implemented action as far as possible.
Secondly, those in the main group work against this foreign influence from
within, imposing an internal penalty of (Essence ÷ 2) on the implementation
of the action.

Additionally, if any effect attempts to remove or weaken the protected
loyalty, or impose another which is contradictory, the internal opposition
helps the Leader resist this.  Assuming Loyalty can be spent to resist the
effect, the amount of Loyalty to resist for a single scene is halved, to a
minimum of one, and the total amount of Loyalty the Leader must spend to shake
it off is reduced by the character's Essence.  If the Leader cannot validly
resist the effect, the group automatically loses a dot of Magnitude as the
innoculated members, in a last-ditch attempt to protect their loyalty, all
leave at once to form a new group.


name: pca, Persuade re*consequence of action
dep: usn

text: TODO

Illusion to persuade people that a certain course of action is neutral or
positive in terms of their Intimacies/Policy, when in fact it's negative.


name: di, Disrupting intentions
dep: pca

text: TODO

Disrupting intentions.  Maybe like (or a variant of) the above, but persuade
people *not* to do something (and possibly do something else), even though
it's in support of their Policy.


name: nssl, Non-Social*Scene-long
dep: 

text: TODO

Scene-long non-Social action which influences Social combat/actions.  (Idea
from visual priming of creativity.)


name: nsai, Non-Social*affecting Intimacies
dep: nssl

text: TODO

Follow on to previous one: Non-social-interaction actions to indirectly affect
Intimacies and actions.  E.g., something small which triggers a poor harvest
or price increase, which then triggers the specific desired response from a
social group.  (Basically, a disguised long-term social action.)
