name: exc, (Any Occult*Excellency)
dep:

text:

name: eee, Erisian Elemental*Expression
cost: 3m, 1wp, plus 1m per level of effect
mins: Occult 3, Ess 3
type: Reflexive (Step 1 or Step 7)
key: Combo-OK
dur: Instant
dep:

text: TODO

This Charm is similar to the Elemental Charm known as Elemental Expression.
Activating it costs 3 motes and one point of Willpower; the character can then
spend up to (Essence) further motes to modify manifestations of her Divisional
or Parametadivisional element.  Each mote spent (at Step 1) can either halve
or double the effect of any phenomena related to the element.  Alternatively,
on successfully touching a target (at Step 7), the Erisian can either add one
level of lethal or bashing damage (for physical manifestations) or reduce the
target's temporary Willpower by 1 point (for mental or emotional
manifestations).  In this case, the attack will be accompanied by a
manifestation of the Erisian element, in one or more senses.  If the attack is
blocked or parried, this Charm is inapplicable.


name: sw, Spirit Whiskers
cost: 3m
mins: Occult 2, Ess 2
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK
dur: One scene
dep:

text: The Unhinged find it fairly simple to tune in to mystical vibrations.
This Charm allows the character to sense dematerialised beings, within a range
of (Essence x 20) yards, in all ways except touch.  It also reveals the
precise location of mystical portals between realities such as Yu-Shan, the
Labyrinth and so on -- although not how to operate them.


name: ves, Voodoo Exchange*Student
cost: 5m, 1wp
mins: Occult 3, Ess 3
type: Reflexive (Step 1)
key: Combo-OK, Shaping
dur: Instant
dep: sw

text: From the right angle, portals to the spirit world can be seen as
revolving doors.  Given a willing target, activating this Charm allows the
character to become dematerialized and the target material, or vice versa as
appropriate.  The change persists until this Charm or some other effect
changes things again.  This Charm may also be used on an unwilling target, but
it may resist by spending a point of temporary Willpower.  The character may
use this Charm in combination with an attack, in which case they can strike
the target for that action only, even if they could not normally strike
(de)materialized targets, and regardless of whether the target resists the
exchange.

Beings left in a state which is not their natural one may return to normal by
spending a point of Willpower, once 23 days have elapsed.


name: etn, Ethereal Trawling Net
cost: 6m
mins: Occult 5, Ess 2
type: Simple
key: None
dur: One scene
dep: exc, sw

text: Attuned as they are to the underlying fabric of multiple realities, the
followers of Eris have a keen facility in perceiving significant supernatural
power.  With this Charm active, the character can detect all instant or
ongoing effects of Charms, Sorcery, Shaping (including Sidereal astrology) and
similar supernatural effects (e.g., geomancy) in a range equal to (Essence x
5) yards.  The exact power level and nature of a single effect can be
determined on a reflexive ([Perception or Wits] + Occult) roll, difficulty
equal to the Essence of the source (or 3, if not applicable).  This Charm does
not directly allow the character to perceive supernatural beings as such,
except insofar as they use the above powers.


name: asi, Anima-Suppressing*Intervention
cost: 2m per point of target's Essence rating
mins: Occult 4, Ess 3
type: Reflexive (Step 1)
key: Combo-OK, Shaping, Touch
dur: Instant
dep: etn

text: At times the glories of the Exalted should remain hidden.  This Charm
allows the character to choose one of those times, completely suppressing the
anima banner of an Exalted being and instantly deactivating any anima powers.
The target may, of course, re-activate anima powers or cause their anima
banner to flare again on subsequent actions.  The character may target himself
with this Charm, in which case the cost is halved.  Use of this Charm purely
for amusement purposes on Water-Aspected Dragon-Blooded is somewhat frowned
upon.


name: rio, Ritual of*Instant Ordination
cost: 10+m, 1wp
mins: Occult 4, Ess 3
type: Simple
key: Shaping
dur: Indefinite
dep: sw

text: Why should the Discordians get all the fun?  This closely-guarded ritual
allows a Wild Child to grant another willing being the ability to use one of
her own Charms.  As long as the target has this Charm, she will be unable to
use it, though she may recall it before the end of the scene as a reflexive
action.  The target is treated as having the necessary Essence and Ability
minimums, if it doesn't already, solely for the purpose of using that Charm
and making any rolls it involves.  If the target does not already have a mote
pool, it is treated as having 10 motes, which can only be used for the purpose
of activating that Charm, and vanish at the end of the scene in which the
target first uses the Charm.  If the Charm costs more than 10 motes to
activate, the character must commit additional motes, up to the cost of a
single activation.


name: cfp, Charm-Filching Prana
cost: 10m + 1wp
mins: Occult 5, Ess 4
type: Simple
key: Shaping, Touch
dur: Indefinite
dep: rio

text: Although the Gatekeepers are unable to learn the Charms of other Exalted
types (as, for instance, the Eclipse Caste Solars can do), this obscure
technique allows them to temporarily copy another's Charm.

On activating this Charm, if the target is unwilling, they may make a
contested roll of their (Wits + Integrity) against the character's
([Manipulation or Wits] + Occult) to prevent the character copying the Charm.
Of course, a successful dodge, or defense against Shaping, will also cause
this Charm to fail.

If successful, the character gains the ability to use the copied Charm once,
provided she satisfies its minimums and pays its activation cost.  The
character can only copy a Charm which she has observed the target use in the
current scene.


name: fms, Fate-Mending Stitches
cost: 3m per effect point + (Sidereal's Essence)wp
mins: Occult 4, Ess 5
type: Simple
key: Combo-Basic, Obvious, Shaping
dur: Instant
dep: etn

text: Erisians generally avoid dabbling with Fate because they know the
long-term damage it can cause -- it's much easier to gloss over short-term
damage.  Hence this Charm, which allows the Moonlight Lyre to undo the awkward
workings of the Sidereals by lifting a destiny placed by one of their number.
The cost required depends both on the number of effect points spent on the
destiny, plus the power level of the Sidereal who crafted it.  The affected
individual(s) will momentarily be surrounded by a glow in the colour of the
Sidereal's Maiden.  Pattern spiders will certainly notice this change, and the
Sidereal is very likely to hear about it, though he or she will not
automatically know the cause.


name: tss, Triangular Circle*Sorcery
cost: -
mins: Occult 3, Ess 3
type: Permanent
key: None
dur: Instant
dep:

text: This Charm gives the Children of Eris access to Terrestrial Circle
Sorcery, only they changed the name, just because.  Oh, alright, if you must
know, it's because the number of sides of these two figures add up to the
mystical five (given that a circle has an in-side and an out-side).  The
character may instead purchase a version of this Charm which provides access
to Shadowlands Circle Necromancy, known as Triangular Circle Necromancy.  Both
versions may be purchased separately by the same character.


name: sss, Square Circle Sorcery
cost: -
mins: Occult 4, Ess 4
type: Permanent
key: None
dur: Instant
dep: tss

text: This Charm builds on the character's knowledge of Sorcery, extending it
to what others would term Celestial Circle Sorcery.  The character may instead
purchase a version of this Charm which provides access to Labyrinth Circle
Necromancy, known as Square Circle Necromancy.  Both versions may be purchased
separately by the same character.


name: pss, Appropriation of*Adamantine Sorcery
cost: 10m, 1wp
mins: Occult 5, Ess 5
type: Reflexive (Step 2)
key: Combo-Basic
dur: Indefinite
dep: sss, cfp

text: The Beloved of the Most Beatiful get away with breaking all sorts of
rules, and they have gained limited access to the Solar's most powerful
spells.  Specifically, they steal them.

This Charm can be activated in response to a Cast Sorcery or Cast Necromancy
action taken by another.  The Erisian's player and that of the target make a
contested (Essence + Occult + Willpower) roll.  If the target succeeds, the
sorcery proceeds normally and the target will not notice.  Otherwise, the
spell is interrupted but, rather than the energies dissipating or exploding,
they are transferred to the character, for as long as he maintains the mote
commitment for this Charm.  In this case, the target must still pay the mote
and willpower cost for the spell.

The character may thereafter release the mote commitment and either allow the
spell to dissipate harmlessly, or cast it himself.  He can take a Cast Sorcery
action on the action immediately following the use of this Charm, effectively
redirecting the spell in a manner, and towards targets, of his choice.  In
this case, he pays one less than the normal Willpower cost for the spell, and
only half the mote cost.  If he waits till later, however, he must take 1-3
Shape Sorcery actions, and pay the full mote and Willpower cost as normal,
before he can take the Cast Sorcery action.  Shaping or casting the spell is
Obvious, as usual, but use of this Charm is not.

This Charm cannot be used once a spell has been cast, nor can it be used to
counter an ongoing spell, or undo the lasting effects of sorcery.  The
character can retain any number of as-yet-uncast spells which are of a type he
could normally cast, if he can afford the mote commitment for them.  Only one
Solar Circle or Void Circle spell may be retained at any one time, however.
Once an instance of a stolen spell is cast, the character is unable to cast it
again, until he captures another casting of it.
