name: exc, (Any Craft*Excellency)
dep:

text:


name: ics, Improvised*Construction Scheme
cost: 3m
mins: Craft 2, Essence 1
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK, Touch
dur: Instant
dep: exc

text: TODO

This Charm supplements a dramatic action to craft or repair a non-magical
object, allowing the character to quickly cobble together a rough, temporary
but serviceable version of the item she desires.  It reduces the Resources
cost of the required materials by 1 and divides the construction time by her
Craft rating.

This Charm does not remove the need for tools and some sort of materials.  The
Resources cost reduction can go as low as 0, if the character could
conceivably improvise from materials lying around; otherwise, the minimum is
1.  The Resources value of the constructed or patched-up object is reduced by
the same amount, so the object may not be as aesthetically pleasing or
saleable, but it will perform its intended functions.


The finished item will revert to its original state after an amount of time
which is an order of magnitude greater than the time which would normally be
needed to make the object from scratch (even if it was only mended).  For
instance, making a simple table might normally take a few days: this Charm
will produce an item which lasts only that number of weeks, before it suddenly
collapses.


At Essence 3, the Resources cost is reduced by (Essence ÷ 2) and, rather than
dividing the duration by (Craft), the Charm reduces it by an order of
magnitude: hours become minutes, days become hours etc.  If she also possesses
the appropriate Craft at 3, the character can repair (but not build) magical
devices which have replaceable parts, such as Magitech and perhaps some
motonic technology.  With a stunt, she may do so even with inappropriate or
non-magical parts.  Likewise she may apply this Charm to temporarily patching
a damaged manse which (as described in Oadenol's Codex, p. 63) requires one
manse design roll of (Intelligence + [lowest of Craft, Occult or Lore]) at a
difficulty of 3, for each point of power failure.  The equipment to patch a
damaged manse is normally a Resources 4 purchase, but this Charm reduces it to
3, and again allows stunting to use other materials.


name: ort, Object*Reconfiguration Technique
cost: 5m, 1wp or 10m, 2wp
mins: Craft 3, Essence 3
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK, Touch
dur: Instant
dep: ics

text: TODO

This Charm supplements a dramatic action to craft a non-magical item, allowing
the character to rapidly create one object from another of roughly similar
size and materials.  To make objects significantly smaller or larger than the
originals, the character may respectively create or combine multiple similar
objects.  For example, a wooden cart could be converted into a similar-sized
shack, or several smaller chairs; or several carts could be combined into a
wooden house.  It is also possible to use this Charm to reconfigure part of a
large structure.

The time required for this reconfiguration is an order of magnitude less than
would be required to construct the new object normally.  For example, if
constructing a table would take several days, this Charm could convert a
cupboard into one in several hours.  This Charm cannot increase or decrease
the inherent Resources value of the materials, but the character may end up
with something whose Resources cost, in a given region, is more or less than
the original object.

At Essence 4, the construction time is reduced by another order of magnitude:
the above conversion from cupboard to table would take minutes, not hours.  At
Essence 5, the character may double the Charm's cost to reconfigure an
artifact or even a manse.  This cannot change the power level of the object,
nor substantially alter any effects it has, though these might shift somewhat.
For instance, a daiklave might be reformed into a shield, having appropriate
armor bonuses for the relevant magical material, instead of weapon bonuses.
Or, a reconfigure manse might contain traps which are equally as deadly as in
its original form, but different in mechanism.  The storyteller is the arbiter
of what changes are possible.  This Charm does not remove the need for tools.


name: bwr, By Whim Reforged
cost: (5m or 5m, 1wp) per rating point
mins: Craft 5, Essence 3
type: Simple (Dramatic Action)
key: Combo-OK, Touch
dur: Instant
dep: ort

text: TODO


This Charm provides a dramatic action in which the Stone-Carver combines two
existing objects into a single new one.  He can choose the basic form and
function of the resulting object, but the storyteller may restrict
possibilities, add unexpected extra features, or override the result
completely.  The end product can be a straight combination of two things, as
when a boat and cart are combined to produce a vehicle which can travel as
easily on water as on land.  Alternatively, it may be some strange hybrid:
combining a dose of ghost-flower tea with a talisman against the dead could
produce a potion which makes the drinker invisible to such creatures.  The
time, successes and Ability minimums required for this action are as if the
result had a Resources value one greater than the more expensive of the two
original items.

The Child of Eris can combine artifacts by spending a point of Willpower per
dot of rating of the resulting item.  The rating will be one more than the
greater of the original items, to a maximum of 5.  The resulting artifact will
have effects related to both original objects, but not more powerful than its
new rating allows.  It is not possible to combine a 5-dot artifact with
another, unless the character has at least Essence 6.

The time, successes and Ability minimums for combining artifacts are as normal
for this resultant rating.  If the lesser artifact is rated 3 or more, then
the character may treat his relevant Ability ratings as (Artifact rating - 2)
higher, for the sole purpose of determining whether his ratings allow him to
build the resultant artifact.  Thus, combining two level 3 artifacts would
result in a level 4 artifact, and allow the character to treat his Abilities
as 1 higher.  With all relevant Abilities at 5, he would therefore be able to
build it.  Similarly he could combine two 4-dot artifacts into a 5-dot wonder.

No Stone-Carver has been able to combine two manses, simply because they are
almost never fully mobile.  However, if such a manse were found, or some
powerful magic could co-locate the space occupied by them for long enough to
allow the carfting to be carried out, this Charm might serve.  Doing so,
however, would likely alter the nature of the underlying demesne in
unpredictable ways, leaving the character with limited control over the final
form.


name: bem, Blueprint*Extraction Methodology
cost: 4m
mins: Craft 3, Essence 2
type: Simple (Dramatic Action)
key: Combo-OK
dur: Instant
dep: exc

text: TODO

This Charm represents a dramatic action to study an existing object, magical
or mundane, to learn the secrets of its construction.

For magical items, a character requires ([artifact rating x 3] - Essence)
hours to understand the complete design, with a minumum of 1 hour.  This
extracted design then allows her to halve the cumulative number of Craft
successes required to construct an identical item in future.  Only artifacts
with a rating less than or equal to the character's Essence are valid targets
for this Charm.

For manses and very large artifacts, the time for analysis is ([artifact or
manse rating x 3] - Essence) days, rather than hours.  It will almost never be
possible to construct an identical manse, since dragon lines vary so much.
However, the extracted information can be used to help design a manse with the
same powers on a different site, if it has the same aspect.  In this case the
the design time for the manse is reduced from one month to one week, and the
difficulty of the roll is reduced by the character's Essence, to a minimum of
1.  Again, only those with a rating no greater than the character's Essence
are valid targets.

Applied to mundane objects, this Charm takes ([Resources rating x 3] -
Essence) hours or days depending on the scale of the object.  The knowledge
gained reduces the difficulty of the Craft roll to produce an identical item
by 1, to a minimum of 1, and reduces the construction time by up to half.  The
time reduction is at the storyteller's discretion: large, long-term projects
involving many laborers cannot be sped up so easily.  There is no limit on the
Resources rating of mundane objects which can be analysed, but the character
must have the relevant Craft rated at least 3.

Having gained this design knowledge, the character may at any point spend a
like number of days to record it for others to use.  This Charm does not
provide the character with the skills, materials or tools to construct
duplicates, only a design.


name: rrt, Reflection-Reification*Technique
cost: 4m
mins: Craft 3, Essence 3
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK, Shaping
dur: Instant
dep: bem

text: TODO

This Charm supplements Craft actions as part of an extended construction
project, allowing the Architect to create multiple copies of a mundane object,
using the same amount of raw materials as she would require for a single
instance.  The character may create up to (Craft x [Essence - 1]) objects in
total, but for each copy made, the Resources value of all items is decreased
by 1, to a minimum of 0, due to necessary corner-cutting and apparent
shoddiness of workmanship.  Thus a character who learns this Charm is
immediately able to produce 6 (3 x 2) suits of superheavy plate armor for the
cost of 1.  They are fully functional but she will be hard-pressed to sell
them because they appear so rickety, having a Resources rating of 0 (Resources
5 for a normal suit, less 1 for each of the 5 extra copies).

At Essence 4 the character may attempt to mass-produce artifacts.  However,
she may make at most ([Craft - Artifact rating] x [Essence - 1]) items in
total.  For each copy beyond the original, all items must lost one point from
one of the rating improvements they provide.  Alternatively, if the object has
no numerical benefit or the character is feeling more adventurous, one or more
points of reduction may be paid as one-dot drawbacks (as described in
Oadenol's Codex, p. 16), which do not reduce the Artifact's rating.  Since the
character is mass-producing artifacts, they must all have the same
disadvantages.  It should go without saying that they also suffer a reduction
in their apparent Resources value.

This Charm's cost must be spent for every roll in an extended Crafting
project, or the entire project will fail, leaving scattered piles of battered
and tarnished materials.  Although this Charm bears the Shaping keyword, this
is only relevant during the construction process.  The resulting objects
cannot be un-made by anti-Shaping magic.


name: est, Echo-Solidification Technique
cost: (5m or 5m, 1wp) per rating point
mins: Craft 4, Essence 3
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK, Shaping
dur: One scene
dep: bem

text: TODO

By exerting her Eristic will, the Stone-Carver can instantly form whole
objects from raw materials, if only for a short time.  She requires all raw
materials for the construction to be present, but needs no workspace or tools.
For non-magical items, the Resources rating of the finished product cannot
exceed the character's Craft rating.

At Essence 4, the character can form artifacts by spending an additional point
of Willpower per dot of rating.  The Artifact rating cannot exceed her
(Essence - 2).  She will be immediately attuned to the artifact, provided she
pays the attunement cost.  The character must already have created or obtained
a design for the artifact.


Also at Essence 4, she can pay the increased cost to raise a manse on an
uncapped demesne.  The Manse rating can be no more than her (Essence - 1), and
she must be within and attuned to the demesne.  She will be attuned to the
manse, and find herself standing within the hearth room, in front of the
hearthstone.  Because the manse is constructed instantly, there is no time to
fine-tune the design, so the number of Creation Points is fixed at (rating x
2): drawbacks cannot be introduced to increase this.  In order to ensure the
dragon lines are balanced correctly, no other beings may be attuned to the
demesne, and no creatures with Essence greater than 1 may be within its
boundaries, or else the Charm cannot be activated.  If the demesne rating is
greater than that of the resultant manse, the manse will have appropriate
points of Essence Vents to rebalance the power level.  Once the manse
vanishes, the demesne will be drained, providing no Essence (and causing no
harm) for as many days as the manse's rating.

At the end of the scene, or after (Essence) hours if this is sooner, a mundane
object constructed using this Charm will be consumed by the powerful Shaping
forces at work, and vanish in a shimmering cloud.  Magical objects will
collapse into their component parts, and the magical ingredients involved will
be tarnished or mixed with impurities.  Re-using amounts of the standard
magical materials is possible, but requires effort equivalent to smelting them
in the first place (Oadenol's Codex, p. 23).  Unique magical ingredients may
be destroyed, transmuted or salvagable in some other way, at the storyteller's
whim.


name: cpc, Core Principle*Concentration
cost: 4m, 1wp
mins: Craft 3, Essence 2
type: Simple (Speed 6 in long ticks)
key: Combo-OK, Touch
dur: Instant
dep: 

text: TODO

This Charm draws upon and enhances the true purpose of an object.  When
applied to any non-magical, non-sentient object (including most plants and
basic automata), this Charm permanently increases by 1 the difficulty of any
rolled attempts to damage or (by feats of Strength) break an object.  It
similarly increases the difficulty of any rolled actions to re-work it
(naturally or by magical means, including Shaping) to fulfil any other
purpose.  If an object is used in some way which does not suit its own nature,
the difficulty of any such actions increases by 1, and any failed action
becomes a botch.  At the same time, it becomes easier to damage or break,
decreasing the difficulty of such attempts by 1.  Examples of such abuses
include chopping down a living tree (which would become harder to fell), or
using a sword to wedge a door (the sword becoming more fragile).

If an object is successfully re-made for some new purpose in a permanent way,
it loses the benefits of this Charm.  Shaping magic is usually not permanent,
whereas crafting, even by mundane means, usually is.  This Charm may be
applied repeatedly to further strengthen the item, but no combination of
Charms which includes this one can increase these difficulties by more than
the character's Essence.


name: rwrt, Rainbow Warp*Removal Technique
cost: 6m, 1wp
mins: Craft 3, Essence 3
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK, Shaping, Touch
dur: Instant
dep: cpc

text: Just as the Grey-faced ones do not hold unwanted forms for long, they do
not tolerate things being re-Shaped in a way which does not suit them.  With
this Charm the character may undo any one Shaping effect which has altered
some object.  If the object is owned or attuned by some other individual, they
must agree to the un-Shaping.  The character cannot affect an object larger
than small castle with this Charm, although he may apply it to only part of a
larger structure.  A ghostly orange outline of the original object will
persist, hanging in space for one scene, containing the effect which was
removed.  If any other object touches it before the scene expires, which was
not touching it before this Charm was activated, the original effect is
immediately applied to that object, unless it is somehow protected.


name: eee, Edifying Embodiment*of Efficacy
cost: 6m, 1wp
mins: Craft 3, Essence 3
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK, Training
dur: Instant
dep: cpc

text: TODO

This Charm is used at the inception of a crafting project in which the Carver
builds an object which allows her, or anyone else who comes to own it, to
improve in relation to a particular Ability.  The object created may be
magical or mundane, and must typify the skill to be learned.  Creativity may
be required to find a suitable object which the character can make, given the
Crafts she knows.

The owner of such an object may gain a single dot of the Ability it embodies
as a Training effect.  This occurs instantly, but may put the owner into
experience debt, in which case no further Training effects will benefit them
until it is paid off.  Abilities cannot be raised past the normal maximums for
the trainee, but are not limited by the skill levels of the Carver.

The object may be a symbolic representation of the relevant discipline, rather
than an item to be used in practice.  The trainee must devote time daily to
the object, to affirm ownership, at least until the normal training time has
passed and any experience debt is paid off.  If the object is lost, discarded
or damaged before then, the dot of Ability is lost, though any experience
spent on it is regained.  Once the training time and debt is gone, however,
the object may be passed on for someone else to gain its benefits. Damaged
objects may be repaired but will have lost their educational magic.

At Craft 4 and Essence 4, the Carver can make objects which train Attributes,
Virtues or Willpower.  A second purchase of this Charm at Craft 5 and Essence
5 means that her creations can train even Essence, though they cannot
enlighten those who do not already have access to their Essence.
Additionally, she may forge a Grace for a particular being, given a dot of
gossamer.  The Carver need have no specific skill in crafting gossamer, but
the Grace must be forged as a magical artifact of some sort.  If it passes to
someone else, the normal consequences follow for its bearer.


name: eed, Erisian Elemental Distillation
cost: 3m+, 1wp
mins: Craft 3, Essence 3
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK
dur: Instant
dep: eee

text: According to legend, Eris was excluded from a party of the gods, and
took her revenge by seeding discord among the attendees; you can bet she
swiped some Celestial Wine while she was there.

Inspired by this spirit of mischief, this Charm supplements a dramatic action
in which the character distills the Erisian element to which she is attuned,
into a healing draught.  The character must find a location, item or other
powerful manifestation of the element, as per Erisian Elemental Rejuvenation
[TODO: link], and bring suitable tools or equipment to work it (or take it to
such tools).  The distillation requires physical crafting work, even though
some elements may have non-physical manifestations.  The character must spend
(Essence) motes in addition to making a suitable Craft roll.  Success produces
a single draft of liquid, whose appearance depends on its source.

Drinking the liquid is sufficient to heal (Essence) levels of bashing or
lethal damage, or to regain one point of Willpower.  This power is only made
physical by the character's own will and Essence, so there cannot be more than
(Essence) draughts she has created in existence at once.  Attempts to make
more will automatically fail, until some of those draughts are used up.


name: prp, Pet Rock Promotion
cost: 10m, 1wp, 2xp
mins: Craft 3, Essence 3
type: Simple (Dramatic Action)
key: Combo-OK, Touch
dur: Instant
dep: cpc

text: TODO

By varnishing, embroidering or otherwise lavishing care and decoration on an
inanimate object, a Bishop is able to gently awaken its least god, and begin
to adpot it as her familiar.  The object may be a pre-existing item, or one
crafted specially for the purpose.  This awakening takes several hours, or
even days, of careful craft-work, after which the character's Familiar
background increases by one dot.  It may be necessary to apply the Charm
several times to reach the necessary rating, depending on the size, complixity
and usefulness of the object.

The awoken object can communicate simple concepts with its owner, through
subtle shifts in appearance, heft and so on.  Few objects have the ability to
move by themselves, but they have a limited sense of their surroundings, and
may have some expert awareness in relation to their purview.  Also, since
objects do not sleep, they may have some use as watch-keepers.

The character can maintain at most one familiar through use of this Charm,
though she may have more by other means.  Applying the Charm to another object
will break the bond and leave the spirit to lapse into quiescence.  Failing to
take care of the object regularly will have the same effect, though taking
ownership once more will re-awaken it, without the need to re-apply this
Charm.

Objects formed in other realms of reality than Creation have similar Essence
structures which can be awoken, even if they do not fit into the Terrestrial
hierarchy.  This Charm cannot be applied to objects which belong to another,
though it can be applied to things which the character has taken ownership of
including, for example, forged raksha Graces.  Living things, or things which
already have human-level awareness, such as advanced automata or sapient
Infernal relics, are not valid targets for this Charm.
