name: exc, (Any Integrity*Excellency)
dep:

text:

name: umd, Unbalanced Mind*Defence
cost: 5m
mins: Integrity 2, Ess 2
type: Reflexive (Step 2)
key: Combo-OK, Social
dur: Instant
dep: exc

text: Wise men have often said that genius and madness are linked, but only
the Chosen of Eris have found a way to turn their madness into genius.  This
Charm allows the Exalt to add the lower of her Hodge and Podge ratings to her
Dodge MDV and Parry MDV against one attack.

[TODO 2011-09-17 HUGR: Maybe lower the cost of this, since it's 5m for a
non-perfect, whereas I have a perfect social dodge for 4m in Awareness, and
may add a 4m perfect social parry in Socialize.]


name: ddt, Dream Deflection*Technique
cost: 5m
mins: Integrity 3, Ess 2
type: Reflexive (Step 9)
key: Combo-OK, Counterattack, Illusion, Social
dur: Instant
dep: umd

text: To attempt to twist the minds of those who make up the Unbending Arm is
foolish indeed.  This Charm allows the character to perfectly defend against
any form of natural or unnatural mental influence which would otherwise bypass
his defenses.  He will gain a vague impression of the intended influence, but
not the details.  Furthermore, as a counterattack, the originator of the
effect will herself be subjected to an Illusion causing her to believe that
her attack was successful.  The Illusion lasts as long as the original effect
would have, and may be resisted on the same terms as the original effect.
Since this Charm involves both resisting and imposing mental influence at the
same time, the character gains a point each of both Hodge and Podge.


name: sdc, Subtle Daydream Concoction
cost: 6m
mins: Integrity 3, Ess 3
type: Reflexive (Step 2)
key: Combo-Basic, Shaping
dur: Instant
dep: ddt

text: Some have said that the Erisian Exalted live in a world of their own;
the truth is that this can be an advantage.  This Charm allows the user to
seek the refuge of daydreams to sidestep attempts to pull her away from that
which is important to her.  It can be invoked in response to any attack which
would lower Virtues or Willpower, or destroy or weaken Intimacies, or cause
her to act against her Intimacies or Motivation.

In the case of natural mental influence, the Exalt may make a contested roll
of her own (Essence + Integrity) against the (Attribute + Ability) used to
achieve the influence and, on success, treat it as an unacceptable order.  For
unnatural mental influence the contest is between their (Essence + Integrity)
and the (Essence + Ability) of the Charm used (or caster's [Essence + Occult]
for spells), but the character suffers a penalty equal to the difference in
Essence, minimum 1.  In either case, if she fails the roll she may still spend
Willpower to resist the effect, if applicable.  If she botches the roll, she
is automatically affected and for the rest of the scene cannot spend Willpower
to resist that one effect.

Similarly, if some effect threatens to directly lower any of the character's
Virtues or her Willpower, temporarily or permanently, she may make the same
contested roll to avoid the effect.  Furthermore, if one of the Fair Folk
attempts to feed on the character she may use this Charm to fool her attacker,
even if she is willing or influenced to accept the raksha's feeding.  The
normal Virtue roll to feed is contested against the victim's own (Essence +
Integrity).  The latter successes are subtracted from those for the Virtue
roll, reducing the damage the feeder does.  If the Virtue successes are
outnumbered by those from the (Essence + Integrity) roll, then the Fair One
believes themselves to have bled off that many dots of Willpower or Virtue and
will account their Essence accordingly, meaning that they may be surprised to
find it run out sooner than they expected.

In any case, if the character succeeds against the attack, she will gain a
clear sense of what influence the attacker intended, should she wish to play
out her supposedly altered state.  Effects which prevent Shaping render this
Charm inapplicable.  Use of this Charm gains the character a point of Podge.

[TODO: Why isn't this a Counterattack + Illusion, like the preceding Charm?]


name: cof, Cocoon of Fables
cost: 10m, 2wp
mins: Integrity 4, Ess 4
type: Reflexive (Step 2)
key: Combo-OK, Social
dur: One scene
dep: ddt

text: They Who Carve Truth In Stone are able to form that metaphorical stone
from the gossamer of daydreams, convincing herself that her view of the world
is the only right one, if only for a short while.  This Charm perfectly
defends against any Compulsion, Emotion, Illusion and Servitude attacks for
the rest of the scene, plus the mental and emotional aspects of any Shaping
attacks.  Additionally, any compulsions due to lack of Willpower, or an
overflowing of Hodge or Podge, are delayed until the end of the scene.  On the
other hand, any attempts by the character to act against her Virtues,
Intimacies or Motivation have their difficulties increased by 2.  Use of this
Charm gains the character a point of Podge but, if that takes the count over
10, the consequences are still delayed until the end of the scene.


name: sos1, Softening of Suasion
cost: - (+1wp)
mins: Integrity 1, Ess 2
type: Permanent
key: None
dur: Permanent
dep:
review: 

text: TODO

When activating any Charm or Combo which applies unnatural mental influence to
its target, the character can pay an additional point of Willpower to remove
the unnatural quality, though any specific keywords remain.  Doing this allows
the character to reduce her Hodge rating by one point, to a minimum of zero,
regardless of whether or not the target expends Willpower to reduce the
natural mental influence.


name: sos2, Savor of Submission
cost: - (1wp)
mins: Integrity 1, Ess 2
type: Permanent
key: None
dur: Permanent
dep:
review: 

text: TODO

Whenever the character is subject to unnatural mental influence and could pay
Willpower to resist it (i.e., she has sufficient temporary Willpower), she may
instead choose to submit to it and pay a single point of Willpower to reduce
her Podge rating by one point, to a minimum of zero.  She still cannot choose
to go along with unacceptable orders, and may be prevented from acquiescing by
other effects.

The cost is always 1 Willpower and the reduction one point of Podge,
regardless of how many points of Willpower would be required to resist the
effect.  If the effect allows the character later opportunities to resist, she
may do so without losing the benefit of this Charm.  However, she cannot apply
this Charm's effect more than once for each activation of an effect against
her.


name: roe, Running on Emptiness
cost: -
mins: Integrity 2, Ess 2
type: Permanent
key: Stackable
dur: Permanent
dep:
review: 2011-06-25 RWG

text: TODO

Each purchase of this Charm permanently enhances the character by giving her
increasing her maximum temporary Willpower by 1 point.  This additional pool
of Willpower is initially empty and will not be refilled by Conviction rolls
each morning.  Instead it is filled by any other effect such as stunts and
Charms, and this extra pool will be filled before her normal Willpower pool.
This Charm may be purchased up to (Essence) times.

At Essence 3+, this Charm has a further use in times of dire need.  The
desperate Discordian may reflexively disable one purchase of this Charm to
immediately refill her Willpower pool completely, including any points
available from remaining purchases of this Charm.  The size of the pool is
calculated without the point added by the disabled purchase, so will be one
dot smaller.  The Charm becomes available again after 23 days.  Disabling the
last purchase of this Charm in this way prevents the character from using any
Charms which have it as a prerequisite, directly or indirectly, until it
re-activates (or she purchases it again).


name: ror, Reallocation of Resolve
cost: 4m plus 4m per point of Willpower
mins: Integrity 3, Ess 2
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK, Obvious, Touch
dur: Instant
dep: roe
review: 2011-06-25 RWG

text: TODO

This Charm allows the Unbending Arm to transfer Willpower between himself and
another being.  The character may transfer a number of points up to his
permanent Essence, in either direction, at a cost of 4 motes per point.  If
the other being is unwilling, the character must make a successful attack to
touch it, and the two make a contested (Essence + Integrity) roll.  If the
Erisian wins, the transfer is in the desired direction, and he gains a point
of Podge.  If he fails, the direction is reversed, and he gains a point of
Hodge.  In the case of a tie, nothing happens, but the motes are spent.  In
any case, this Charm cannot reduce the character's temporary Willpower rating
below zero, nor increase the target's beyond its maximum.


name: icc, Instant Commitment*Contrivance
cost: 2m, 2wp
mins: Integrity 3, Ess 2
type: Simple
key: Social, Stackable
dur: Indefinite
dep:

text: TODO

This Charm allows an agent of the Authority to instantly forge certain kinds
of extra, magically-protected Intimacies.  As long as the character maintains
her commitment of motes, she treats all natural or unnatural mental influence
which would conflict with these Intimatices as an unacceptable order (which
means no points of Podge are gained from resisting it).  There is nothing to
prevent the character from holding conflicting Intimacies within herself, both
natural and created by this Charm.  The character may maintain a number of
such additional Intimacies equal to her Conviction.

Furthermore, she is able to spend Willpower to channel her base, unmodified
Integrity, as if it were an equivalently-rated Virtue, in support of these
Intimacies.  The available channels of Integrity in each story are shared
among all these Intimacies.  Using this Charm to maintain three Intimacies
does not gain (Integrity x 3) opportunities to channel Integrity, only
(Integrity).

This Charm comes in two variants, though it is possible that some Erisians
have invented further variants.  The initial purchase of the Charm includes
one of these, and the other may be purchased for half the normal cost of the
Charm.

/Policy-Molding Arrogation/: This variant supports Intimacies related to the
Policy of a social group.  They must involve supporting, opposing or changing
in some particular way the Policy of that group.

/Moot Point Focus/: This variant covers Intimacies related to holding a
specific opinion on some matter which is open to question.  For example, the
character could choose to believe that slavery is beneficial to slaves or that
demons are essentially good, but not that there is no price attached to a
slave or that demons are not generally bound in Malfeas.  Grey areas exist
here, certainly; for example, the Storyteller might allow the character to
believe that slaves have no masters other than themselves, since slaves are
usually free to attempt to live that way, though it may cause them some
trouble.


name: uoth, Umbrella of the Heart
cost: -- (+2m per additional being, or +5m per point of Magnitude)
mins: Integrity 4, Ess 3
type: Permanent
key: None
dur: Permanent
dep: exc, icc

text: TODO

This Charm enhances the Discordian's power of self-determination, allowing her
to share it with others.  The benefits of any Integrity Charm which she uses
may be extended to up to (her permanent Essence) other willing beings, at a
surcharge of 2m per being.  If several such Charms are used in a Combo, the
surcharge is still paid only once per being.  In the case of Reallocation of
Resolve, the total numer of Willpower points gained or lost may be distributed
among the beneficiaries as the character chooses.

The beneficiaries must be within (Essence x 10) yards of the character, unless
they are the subject of an Intimacy or Motivation which she holds, in which
case there is no distance limit.  At Essence 4, the character can spend a
point of Willpower to extend these benefits to a social group of Magnitude up
to her Essence, at a surcharge of 5 motes per point of Magnitude, provided she
has an Intimacy or Motivation related to that group.

[TODO: Maybe also/instead a Charm which allows the character to prepare an
invokation of a Charm to protect a group, like Protection of Celestial Bliss?]
