name: exc, (Any Lore*Excellency)
dep:

text:


name: intro, .
dep:

text: TODO

* Tree for knowing things without texts/evidence.

Follow-on to Holo Mem Modus to give the character explicit knowledge of things
*not* recorded or commonly known in an area, such that it could be written
down. Penalty or +diff if something is actively hidden or secret, by mundane
or magical means.

Another follow-on related to Echoes which lets the character know things that
would have been commonly known about the place in the time/society of an
Echo.  [Or, is that just what the effect of Echoes would be anyway?]

Something to hide self from reality? Sounds more like (anti-)Investigation, though.


* Tree for educating others, voluntarily or otherwise.  Temporary effects?
  Temporary Specialty?  Replacing facts they already know (or is that more
  like Memory-Reweaving Discipline)?

Group/contagious training?  Reallocate dots instead of just adding them?


* Tree for boosting Essence, Willpower etc.  Also for reducing/transferring
  Limit and other Great Curse effects?

Maybe something to extend Recumbent Destiny, Essence-hiding, or some info/identity loss, to others?

Essence-tweaking Charms. Maybe something to extend Recumbent Destiny, Essence-hiding, or some info/identity loss, to others?


* Tree for opposing the Fair Folk / Sidereals (directly, or to counter Shaping
  effects, or even to re-write existing effects)?

* Tree for boosting Numerology effects or other Shaping.

* Something like Immanent Solar Glory, but gain Essence for interfering with a
  system, rather than maintaining it?


name: hmm, Holographic Memory*Modus
cost: 3m
mins: Lore 2, Ess 2
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK
dur: Instant
dep:

text: The Children of Chaos are not really as all-knowing as they would
sometimes like others to think, but they have surprising sources of
information.  This Charm enhances a roll involving the Lore Ability by
allowing the character to draw on the knowledge held in the environment and
society around her.  The subject of the roll must be something about the
character's physical surroundings, or something which is recorded in nearby
books, memory crystals etc., or something generally known by people nearby.
The range depends on the character's Essence rating: at Essence 2, it is 100
yards; at 3, 1 mile; at 4, 10 miles, and so on.  The information sought must
be something generally known or specifically recorded, so this Charm tends not
to be of use in, for example, investigating crime scenes.

The effect of the Charm differs depending on whether or not the subject is
something the character would reasonably be expected to know.  If not, this
Charm allows the character to make a normal Lore roll, as if it were in fact
within the character's experience.  If it is something the character might
already know, this Charm reduces the difficulty by at least 1, and possibly by
more at storyteller discretion, to a minimum of zero.

The Charm may also be used to gain information applicable to a particular use
of some other Ability, e.g., the best route through a mountain range (normally
Survival) or the appropriate formalities in some court situation (normally
Socialize).  In this case, each success adds one bonus die to that subsequent
roll.  The normal limits on dice added by Charms apply, and at most one
application of this Charm can apply in this way to a subsequent roll.

The character does not need to speak or read any languages in which the
information is recorded, nor actually find a partcular book or person to
consult.  This means that, for example, one of the Authority can enhance her
chances of success in operating an ancient artifact simply by standing briefly
in the middle of a relevant First Age library.  Lastly, bear in mind that
things which are generally known may not be correct.


name: wii, Wisp Interpolation Insights
cost: 4m
mins: Lore 4, Ess 2
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK
dur: Instant
dep: hmm
ref: [Eye of the Cat; Lunars; 179]

text: TODO

This Charm allows the character to make a Lore roll on topics which are known,
but not widely, in a given area.  The subject must be one about which the
character could not otherwise validly make a Lore roll.  Such facts and
figures may be actively-kept secrets, obscure trivia in libraries, or simply
humdrum details of interest to few.  The information need not be written down,
but it must be known, even instinctively, by one or more beings of at least
animal intelligence -- including least gods, if they are sufficiently awake.

The range follows the character's Essence rating as with Holographic Memory
Modus.  The other limit on this Charm is the maximum Magnitude of beings aware
of the information.  Beyond Magnitude (Essence ÷ 2), any fragments of thought
on the topic become too commonplace to stand out among all the other mental
noise.  The character need not share a common language with the beings which
hold the desired information but, if not, it may be communicated less clearly,
particularly if it comes from an animal-level intelligence.  Knowledge sought
may include hypotheses, opinions, and other such uncertain "knowledge".  If
different information is available from separate groups, the character will
gain insight from only the smallest of them, or one chosen by the Storyteller
if there are several of equivalent Magnitude.  As with its precursor,
information from this Charm will accurately represent knowledge from nearby
beings, but their knowledge may not be correct.


name: enan, Each Name A Net
cost: 5m + 1wp
mins: Lore 5, Ess 3
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK
dur: Instant
dep: wii

text: The Priests of Discord change names almost as often as they change hats,
and most often the true name of something really doesn't matter at all.  But
there are times when it can be a distinct advantage to know with whom one is
dealing.

This Charm reveals the true name of the target, regardless of any disguises,
Shaping, Fate effects or other concealments.  It does not guarantee that the
character can pronounce or write down that name, if they do not speak the
langauge or if the creature comes from some strange source such as the Wyld.
However, they will know the name if they encounter it again.

If the target has ancestors who are anything other than extras, this Charm
will additionally reveal those on the single most powerful lineage, going back
(character's Essence) generations.


name: pts, Patching the Skin
cost: 1m per 2 dice
mins: Lore 2, Ess 2
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK, Stackable, Touch
dur: One scene
dep:

text: TODO

This Charm allows the character to temporarily redirect someone's focus,
adding up to (Lore + Essence) points of Specialties across up to (Essence)
traits.  These dots may temporarily replace any existing Specialty dots, but
cannot increase the number of dots for a given trait beyond the target's
maximum.  If the character or target knows any version of [Discordian Virtue
Specialty Charm], Specialty dots can be temporarily gained or replaced in any
Virtue.

[TODO: Allow XP spend for permanent change?]


name: rts, Reforging the Skin
cost: 5m, 1wp [or: 3m per dot, 1wp?]
mins: Lore 3, Ess 3
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK, Stackable, Touch
dur: One scene
dep: pts
ref: [Nature-Reinforcing Allocation; Lunars; 163]
ref: [Wolf Pack Training Technique; Lunars; 164]
ref: [Burgeoning Wyld Infliction; Lunars; 190]
ref: [Science of Mutation; Lords of Creation; 73]

text: TODO

A roll of the character's (Lore + Essence) is compared against a difficulty of
the target's Essence.  For willing targets, add dice equal to the target's own
Essence.  If the character targets himself, the difficulty is reduced to one.

Each success provides one point of temporary Ability increase for the target,
which may be divided among up to (Essence) Abilities.  Any given Ability can
be increased by at most (Essence), and cannot be increased beyond the normal
maximum for the target.

At Essence 4, the duration increases to (Essence) days per success on the
roll, and the Charm gains the Training Keyword, meaning that, at any time
while the Charm is in effect, the target can spend experience to make some or
all of the changes permanent, and may go into experience point debt to do so.
If the Shaping effect is undone or the Charm otherwise ends before experience
is spent, this Training opportunity is lost.  If experience is spend in this
way, the Charm's duration ends and the character may regain the motes.  At
Essence 5 the duration increases to (Essence) weeks per success.

[TODO: Balance this against Numerology.]


name: rth, Reforging the Heart
cost: -- (+1m per dot)
mins: Lore 4, Ess 3
type: Permanent
key: None
dur: Permanent
dep: rts
ref: [Nature-Reinforcing Allocation; Lunars; 163]
ref: [Wolf Pack Training Technique; Lunars; 164]
ref: [Burgeoning Wyld Infliction; Lunars; 190]
ref: [Science of Mutation; Lords of Creation; 73]

text: TODO

This Charm extends its prerequisite, allowing the character to add dice to
Abilities and Virtues, as well as Attributes.  The pool of successes from the
(Lore + Essence) roll may be split among up to (Essence) traits in total.

[TODO: Balance this against Numerology.]


name: dlu, Dream Lotus Unfolding
cost: 5m, 1wp [or: 3m per point, 1wp?]
mins: Lore 4, Ess 3
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK, Obvious, Shaping, Stackable, Touch
dur: One scene
dep: pts
ref: [Nature-Reinforcing Allocation; Lunars; 163]
ref: [Wolf Pack Training Technique; Lunars; 164]
ref: [Burgeoning Wyld Infliction; Lunars; 190]
ref: [Science of Mutation; Lords of Creation; 73]

text: TODO

A roll of the character's (Lore + Essence) is compared against a difficulty of
the target's Essence.  For willing targets, add dice equal to the target's own
Essence.  If the character targets himself, the difficulty is reduced to one.

Each success provides one point of mutation which the character may inflict on
the target.  However, the mutation takes its outward appearance from the
target's own sense of self, so he or she may choose cosmetic details.
Specifically, this automatically removes the benefit of the Solars'
Destiny-Manifesting Method, though it will not overcome direct defenses like
Integrity-Protecting Prana, except when used on a willing target.  The
mutations unfold smoothly through the target's being in a matter of moments,
in a disturbing yet painless and aesthetically pleasing ripple, taking effect
at the start of the target's next action.

At Essence 4, the duration increases to (Essence) days per success on the
roll, and the Charm gains the Training Keyword, meaning that, at any time
while the Charm is in effect, the target can spend experience to make some or
all of the changes permanent, and may go into experience point debt to do so.
If the Shaping effect is undone or the Charm otherwise ends before experience
is spent, this Training opportunity is lost.  If experience is spend in this
way, the Charm's duration ends and the character may regain the motes.  At
Essence 5 the duration increases to (Essence) weeks per success, and any
Mutations taken on as Training have the potential to breed true.

[TODO: Allow Numerology to induce Mutations as well?]
