name: intro, .
dep: 

text: TODO: essence/wp-gathering or overdrive


name: exc, (Any Resistance*Excellency)
dep: 

text: n/a


name: cbt, Chao-Body Technique
cost: -
mins: Resistance 1, Essence 1
type: Permanent
key: Stackable
dur: Permanent
dep:

text: Unpredictable as the followers of Eris are, you can never quite tell
when they're going to keel over in a fight.  A player may purchase this Charm
once for each dot of Resistance her character has.  Each purchase gains the
character one of the following combinations of additional health levels, at
the player's option, determined at the time of purchase: one -0 health level;
or one -1 health level and two -2 health levels; or one -2 health level and
three -4 health levels


name: sss, Stone Skin Substitution
cost: 3m
mins: Resistance 3, Essence 2
type: Reflexive (Step 7)
key: Combo-OK, Obvious, Touch
dur: Instant
dep: cbt

text: TODO

This Charm allows the Discordian to take on the Hardness and soak of another
object or being with which he is in contact.  In the case of an object, it
must be one the character is firmly in conctact with: a floor he is standing
on, a door he is backed up against or the like.  Similarly in the case of
another being, the two must be engaged in a grapple or the character must be
firmly pressed against the other, perhaps voluntarily standing back-to-back,
perhaps lying on an Inactive "assistant".  In either case, the touched target
must be of reasonable size to absorb the blow: it is not enough for the
character to carry a small piece of stone in his pocket.

Solid objects generally have a Hardness equal to their soak, as described in
Exalted, pp. 153-154.  If touching another being, the relevant Hardness and
soak is taken from that being's armoured, if it is wearing any, otherwise from
its natural values (including any magical enhancements).  In either case, the
character's Hardness is set to the borrowed value, if it is not already
greater, while the soak he takes on is added to his natural soak.

This Charm is made Obvious by the fact that the character briefly comes to
resemble the source of his improved toughness.  For objects, his skin takes on
the appearance of the material.  If borrowing natural toughness from a creature,
his appearance momentarily changes to be a mix of his own and the other's.


name: iss, Impact-Shifting*Stance
cost: 3m
mins: Resistance 3, Essence 3
type: Reflexive (Step 7)
key: Combo-OK, Knockdown, Obvious, Touch
dur: Instant
dep: sss

text: TODO

This Charm allows the Discordian to transmit the force of an attack on him
into another object or being with which he is in contact.  Applicable objects
or beings are the same as those described for Stone Skin Substitution.

If the damage of the attack is sufficient to overcome the Hardness of the
other object or being, its full force is transmitted through the character and
into the other, which suffers the damage.  If not, the character suffers the
damage as normal, but the force rebounds on his attacker, unless it was a
ranged attack.  In that case the attacker must check for Knockdown if the
damage exceeds (attacker's Stamina + Resistance).  The character will feel
instinctively if his "cushion" has too great a Hardness to absorb the blow,
and may choose not to activate this Charm.

The character may also activate this Charm if subject to a magically-enhanced
Knockback effect which causes additional damage on impact, provided that
damage exceeds the Hardness of the object.  This usage does not affect the
damage of the original effect, only that of impact after Knockback.

This Charm protects the character against damage from attacks, and against
Crippling effects as a consequence of damage.  It will generally not protect
against other keyworded effects, and may not protect against certain Crippling
effects, depending on how they are inflicted.  Also, note that objects which
are to be the targets of transmitted damage must be sufficiently solid:
tapestries or water would not suffice, though sand and earth probably would.
If the instant or cumulative damage is enough to destroy the target of the
transmitted force, the character and other combatants may have to make
Athletics checks, suffer environmental damage or otherwise deal with the
consequences.

[TODO: Should this have an FOI?  Does the Hardness bit count as a special FOI?]


name: iia, Infinite Impact Absorption
cost: 5m
mins: Resistance 4, Essence 3
type: Reflexive (Step 7)
key: Combo-OK, Obvious
dur: Instant
dep: iss

text: TODO

This Charm perfectly absorbs the effects of any physical attack, reducing the
raw damage to zero after all other effects.  The defense is achieved by a
concentration of Erisian Essence at the relevant points of contact, so it is
accompanied by a vivid manifestation of such.  This will not be enough to
cause any damage or significantly distract attackers, but a clever description
may pave the way for later stunts.

[TODO: Need an FoI, and maybe more flavour.  Could extend environmental
destruction of previous Charm to be a limited form of FoI?  Makes defending
other things/people harder.]

[TODO: Maybe, at higher Essence and/or with repurchase, spend +1wp to impose
external penalty on others for next action due to Erisian Essence
manifestation?]


name: oou, Omnipresent Ointment*Understanding
cost: 2m + 1m per level
mins: Resistance 2, Essence 2
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK, Obvious, Shaping
dur: Instant
dep: 

text: TODO

For every mote she spends beyond the first two, this Charm heals one level of
bashing damage from the character, or converts one level of lethal to bashing.
This is achieved by co-opting materials from her surroundings to fill the
gaps, and any non-magical materials not owned by anyone may be pressed into
service.  The amount extracted will never be enough to cause damage to other
objects.  If the character has regained more than (Essence) health levels
through this Charm, the repairs themselves start to become Obvious and her
appearance may become somewhat odd, even bizarre.  When activated in realms
beyond Creation, the possible results expand even further.

The replacement materials will be expelled from her system as normal wound
healing time elapses, and medical attention or magics may reduce this time as
normal.  Until that point, anti-Shaping effects which target the character
will undo the repairs, causing the full effects of the original wounds to
return.


name: eer, Erisian Elemental*Rejuvenation
cost: 5m, 1wp
mins: Resistance 3, Essence 3
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK
dur: Indefinite
dep: oou, sss

text: TODO

This Charm is similar to the Elemental Charm known as Elemental
Rejuvenation. To use it, the character must be in contact with a powerful
manifestation of the Erisian element associated with his Division or
Parametadivision.  While it is active, the Chosen of Eris either heals one
health level of damage every five ticks, or regains one point of Willpower
every 23 minutes (i.e., 7 points every 6 hours), the choice being made when
the Charm is activated.  However, this requires the character's full
attention, so he is Inactive, though still aware of his surroundings.  He may
choose to end the Charm reflexively at any time, whereupon he can act on the
following action.

The question of whether something consists of one of the Elements described in
Discordian Doctrine is really one of viewpoint and belief, so the storyteller
may require a descriptive stunt to justify use of this Charm.  If so, an
insufficient stunt might result in the duration between benefits being doubled
or tripled, or the Charm failing to activate at all.  If the stunt is judged
sufficient, the normal stunt benefits, of regaining Essence or Willpower, are
not available.


name: arr, Ailment-Redirecting*Regimen
cost: 3m
mins: Resistance 3, Essence 2
type: Reflexive (Step 10)
key: Combo-OK, Stackable
dur: Indefinite
dep: oou

text: TODO

This Charm protects against various forms of damage to the character by
redirecting it into some other aspect of his being.  It comes in three
variants; the character chooses one when initially purchasing this Charm, and
can buy the others later for half the normal Charm cost.  The character can
stack any number of activations of one or more variants.  In all cases, the
Charm must be activated at the moment the keyworded effect applies for it to
be effective.

/Tasty Poison Adaptation/: As long as motes are committed to this Charm, each
interval which would require a Stamina + Resistance passes without damage, but
still allows the substance to gradually leave his system.  The Charm only
prevents damage; it does not prevent any penalties if the character has
received more doses than his tolerance for the substance allows.  Until the
poison has run its course, the character treats any other substance as if it
were as poisonous as the unmitigated toxin, including water.  For fast-acting
poisons this may not be a problem, but the targeted poison does not
necessarily provide nourishment so, for slower toxins, the character may
starve if untreated.  If no other treatment for the original poison is
available, a common approach is for a character to re-activate it for alcohol,
wean himself off onto that, and survive with no more than a bad hangover.

/Soul-Sickness Transfer/: Any one Sickness effect which would harm the
character may be transformed into a sickness of the heart, severely changing
the tone of one of his Intimacies.  The character chooses the Intimacy to be
affected and can propose the new tone, though the Storyteller must agree that
the change puts the character at a significant disadvantage.  Once the
sickness has been cured or run its course, the Charm ends and the Intimacy is
restored, unless it has been removed in the meantime.  The character cannot
work to erode the Intimacy while it carries the Sickness, though others may.
If the Erisian allows the commitment of motes to lapse prematurely, the
Intimacy is restored, but the Sickness returns to run whatever remains of its
natural course.

/Puissance as Poultice/: Activated in response to a Crippling effect, this
Charm allows the character to transfer the destruction to any one of his
Abilities which is rated 1 or more.  As long as the motes remain committed to
this Charm, the Crippling effect is held at bay, but the character's rating in
that Ability is treated as zero.  This does not prevent the character from
using any Charms he knows which require a rating in that Ability, but it does
disable any Charm effects which are conditional on a particular rating,
typically worded as "at Essence 3+" or "a further purchase at Essence 4".
Specialties are unavailable, though Excellencies can still be spent on rolls,
still treating the Ability rating as zero for the purpose of dice caps.  When
the motes are released, the character's Ability rating returns to normal, but
the Crippling wound takes effect unless suitable medical treatment has been
given.  The character can alternatively spend 3xp, as if raising the Ability
from 0 to 1.  This does not raise the Ability but immediately heals the wound.


name: csp, Chimera-Skin Prana
cost: 2m
mins: Resistance 1, Ess 2
type: Reflexive (Step 10)
key: Combo-OK, Shaping, Obvious
dur: Instant
dep:

text: The chosen of Eris are not immune to Chaos, but they have a deeper
understanding of it than others.  This Charm allows the character to alter the
consequences of a Shaping effect when it is successfully applied to him.  For
Wyld mutations, they may alter the severity level by one in either direction
(including choosing to completely ignore the least severe mutations).  For
other Shaping effects which numerically alter some trait, they may adjust the
value by one, again in either direction.  For Shaping effects which do not
fall into these categories, the player may agree some appropriate adjustment
with the storyteller.


name: csis, Chimera Sheds Its Skin
cost: 5m, 1wp
mins: Resistance 3, Ess 3
type: Simple
key: Shaping, Obvious
dur: Instant
dep: csp

text: The Bishops of Greyface do not gladly suffer Chaos when it gets in their
way.  With this Charm the character may undo any one Shaping effect which has
altered her at any point in time.  If the Shaping affected more individuals
than just the character, she will be the only one to escape it.  A ghostly
orange outline of the character will persist, hanging in space for one scene,
embodying that sloughed-off magic.  If any other being touches it before the
scene expires, the original effect is immediately applied to them, though they
may use any powers of their own to resist it.

If the character is attuned to a Fair Folk adjuration, each use of this Charm
disables one of the mutations it confers.  Once all mutations have been
disabled, she is no longer attuned to the artifact, regardless of whether or
not she has fulfilled or broken the oath.


name: csm, Chimera-Skin Mastery
cost: -
mins: Resistance 3, Ess 3
type: Permanent
key: Shaping
dur: Permanent
dep: csp

text: TODO

This Charm makes the character master of his own shape, though it does not
make it inviolable.  If any effect would prevent the character from applying a
Shaping effect to himself, he is nonetheless able to do so.  This is true
whether the effect targets the character specifically or is one which affects
an area he is in.
