name: intro, .

text: The Priests of Eris are not heroes but they fight if necessary ... or if
it suits their whims.  Some are attracted to it because the focussed training
of Martial Arts brings one to better understand one's higher self.  This form
is said to have been invented by the first ever Discordian, the whole tree
revealed to him in one instant.

[see <http://www.aish.com/sp/k/>]

[... fighting by (the) numbers ...  and more flavour ...]

[Neverborn/Yozi are rumored to have their own complementary Style.  Qliphoth,
as opposed to Sephiroth.]

[One of the Charms is Enlightening, or makes buying Enlightening Charms
cheaper?]

Perhaps uniquely, this style bridges the gap between the Terrestrial and
Celestial levels of mastery.  Dragon-Blooded, enlightened mortals and the like
may learn most of the Charms of this tree, though they cost an additional 1
mote to activate.  [Daat] is an Enlightening Charm, though it helps only
Dragon-Blooded.  Once they have learned that, they need not pay the additional
cost to use Charms of this form, and can learn the rest of the Charms in the
tree, as well as any other Celestial forms for which they can find teachers.
Enlightened mortals and other kinds of martial artist can never learn the
Charms which have [Daat] as a prerequisite, however, and are not further
enlightned by learning it.  Celestial Exalts, as well as Abyssals, Infernals
and Autochthonians, may learn the whole form.



The character must choose any one kind of non-ranged weapon when she begins to
learn this style: that becomes its form weapon for her.  All other non-ranged
weapons weapons may also be used with this style, including improvised
weapons.  However, they do not count as form weapons, suffer an Accuracy
penalty of -2 (to a minimum of -3), and their damage bonus is halved.  When
she learns [Daat], the character may choose another non-ranged weapon type to
become an additional form weapon.



name: malkhut, Malkhut
cost: --
mins: Martial Arts 1, Ess 1
type: Permanent
key: None
dur: Permanent
dep:

text: Every journey begins with a first step, be the ground mud, grass or
brass.  The martial artist acknowledges her mortal passions, and begins to see
that the focus of the form comes not from repressing them, but from mastering
them knack of opening them up to inspiration from higher powers.

If the character channels a Virtue on a stunted Martial Arts action which is
successful, she may role the same number of Virtue dice again, with each
success adding one points of Essence to the reward from the stunt.
Alternatively she may regain half that many points of Willpower, rounded up.
In addition, the character regains one channel of any one Virtue at the end of
the scene.  She cannot regain more than one Virtue channel through use of this
Charm, regardless of how many times she uses it in a scene.


name: yesod, Yesod
cost: 3m
mins: Martial Arts 2, Ess 2
type: Reflexive
key: Combo-OK
dur: One scene
dep: malkhut

text: Having gained a deeper understanding of his mortal self, the martial
artist takes the next step and learns how to better channel his Essence into
concrete actions.

For the remainder of the scene, the character may add one to his Essence
rating in all calculations based on it (not only Martial Arts actions).  This
does not allow him to access new Charms, nor to access facets of Charm effects
which require a certain minumum Essence.  For instance, it does not allow an
Essence 2 character to extend the benefits of [Hod] or [Netzah] to other
characters, but it does allow an Essence 3 character to extend them to /two/
allies.

In addition, he may reflexively pay 1 mote to add one to his Martial Arts
rating, in all calculations based on it, on any one action tick.  This does
not apply for reflexive (most likely defensive) calculations taken on the
ticks between actions.  The increase in Martial Arts rating explicitly /does/
raise the dice cap for excellencies.  As with the Essence increase, it does
not allow the character access to new Charms or new facets thereof.


name: hod, Hod
cost: 3m
mins: Martial Arts 2, Ess 2
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK, Obvious
dur: Instant
dep: yesod

text: The Anchorite gathers his strength, from his own mortal body and from
the Essence which flows into him, preparing to pass judgement on his enemy.
Onlookers will see no glowing sparks around him, but his mien takes on a
transcendent might and righteousness, which is obvious to all.

The Priest of Eris invokes this Charm to supplement a Aim action, converting
up to (the higher of [Essence or Temperance]) bonus dice to successes on the
subsequent attack (if any).

For each point of Essence above 2, she may reflexively add the bonus dice (not
as successes) from her Aim action to the next attack by any one ally within
(Essence x 5) yards, provided that attack is on the same target and occurs
before the character's next action.  These dice count towards that ally's
limit on dice added by Charms for that attack.


name: netzah, Netzah
cost: 3m
mins: Martial Arts 2, Ess 2
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK, Knockback
dur: Instant
dep: yesod

text: To strike down your enemy is a kindness, for surely he is in the wrong,
and must learn this.

The Law-man supplements his attack with this Charm, giving it the Knockback
keyword.  For the purposes of the Knockback check, he adds his Valor in
automatic successes to its damage, and adds (Valor ÷ 2), rounded up, to the
difficulty of the target's roll.

If the target is knocked back, the attack does no damage.  Furthermore, for
each point of Essence above 2 which the character possesses, he may use his
victory as inspiration and reflexively allow any one ally within (Essence x 5)
yards to channel Valor on their next attack, without it counting towards the
per-story limit on Virtue channeling.  These allies must still spend Willpower
to channel Valor in this way.


name: tiferet, Tiferet
cost: 5m
mins: Martial Arts 3, Ess 3
type: Simple
key: Form-type
dur: One scene
dep: hod, yesod, netzah

text: Mortals must struggle their way through life, earning their keep; yet at
times unlooked-for, a higher source may empower them, out of recognition of
their character and struggle.  Enlightenment, apotheosis and exaltation are
powerful examples of this principle, but it applies on a smaller scale also.

The martial artist adopts a meditative pose, symbolic of the connection from
the highest power to the lowest, from Chaos to Order, yet remains ready to
strike in an instant.  When she adopts this form, the character brings raw
Essence and constructed reality into balance within herself.

While this form is active, the character adds the highest of her Virtue
ratings to her DVs and MDVs, and half that rating to any Martial Arts attack
which is unarmed or uses form weapons.  In addition, a successful 2-die stunt
will heal a single level of bashing damage, or convert a single level of
lethal to bashing; and a successful three-die stunt will heal a single level
of lethal, or convert a single aggravated level to lethal.  The character may
forgo the normal stunt bonus to double this healing.


name: gevurah, Gevurah
cost: 5m, 1wp
mins: Martial Arts 3, Ess 3
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK, Obvious, Compulsion, Knockback
dur: (Essence) actions
dep: hod, tiferet

text: Lesser fighters focus on defeating their enemies; those who grow in
understanding see that one may win by simply ignoring those who are unworthy
opponents.

This Charm lays a Compulsion on all who have Joined Battle against the
character in the current scene, to stay at least (Essence x Conviction) yards
away from the character, and to move outside that range if they are currently
within it.  The effect costs one Willpower to resist, which gains the
character a point of Hodge.  (The character cannot gain more than one point of
Hodge from a single activation of this Charm, no matter how many enemies
resist.)  Opponents within the radius who do not resist experience this
Compulsion physically, as if a successful Knockback had landed them just
outside the range.  The Compulsion does not prevent opponents from using
ranged attackings from outside the radius of effect.

The effect ends prematurely, for an individual target, if the character
attacks that target.  Anyone within the range who was not subject to the
Compulsion (either because they were not a target or because they immediately
resisted it) is bolstered by the perception that they are among the worthy.
This includes the character himself.  At the end of the effect, they may roll
their Conviction to regain Willpower as if they had enjoyed a night's sleep.
This opportunity is lost to them if they attack any compelled targets before
the effect ends; it is lost to all if the character attacks in this manner.


name: hesed, Hesed
cost: (1m per bhl or 2m per lhl), 1wp
mins: Martial Arts 3, Ess 3
type: Simple (Speed 3, DV -0)
key: Combo-OK, Obvious
dur: Instant
dep: tiferet, netzah

text: The brave of heart find joy in combat, but the bright of heart seek only
to bring joy and peace to others; to them, combat and conflict are true
Anathema.

When this Charm is activated, a glow of colorless Essence gathers around the
Ignorant Child, then washes out around him.  This glow heals one level of
bashing damage per mote spent, or converts one level of lethal to bashing per
2 motes spent, up to a maximum number of levels equal to the character's
(Compassion).  This benefit applies to all beings within (Essence +
Compassion) yards, regardless of whether they are allies, enemies or
bystanders.


name: daat, Daat
cost: 6m, 1wp
mins: Martial Arts 4, Ess 4
type: Simple
key: Combo-Basic, Enlightening
dur: One scene
dep: gevurah, tiferet, hesed

text: By this point, the martial artist has learned to draw down higher power
into himself, and apply it to his actions on those around him.  Now, he
extends his awareness of the nature of all beings, and uses it to raise
himself up.

This Charm gives the character a clear awareness of the ratings for Virtues,
Willpower and Essence, for each being in her line of sight, up to (Essence x
Willpower) yards.  Any penalties to observing the location targets due to
Stealth, invisibility or partial cover are reduced by the character's (Essence
÷ 2), as their true natures shine out.  Immaterial beings are locatable as if
they were materialized, though only as a nebulous shape embodying these
traits.  In all cases, the true appearance of such hidden beings remains
unknown, unless revealed by other means.

Furthermore, on any successful attack, the character may reflexively spend 2
motes in step 10 to attempt to temporarily reduce one of these traits.
Bashing damage may be used to reduce any one of the Virtues by 1 dot.  Lethal
damage may do the same, or reduce the target's mote pool by [Essence] motes.
Aggravated damage may alternatively reduce temporary Willpower by 1 dot.
Immaterial targets are also subject to this effect on a successful attack,
which ignores their immaterial state, though they suffer no physical damage or
other contact effects unless by some other means.  The targeted traits cannot
be reduced past 1.  Any dots or motes drained are added to the character's own
traits, though they cannot surpass the normal limits, and these bonuses fade
at the end of the scene.

Merely learning this Charm has benefits in itself.  Any practitioner of this
style may choose an additional non-ranged form weapon when first she learns
it.  Dragon-Blooded who learn this Charm gain access to Celestial martial
arts, including the rest of this style.


name: binah, Binah
cost: 7m, 1wp
mins: Martial Arts 4, Ess 4
type: Simple
key: Combo-Basic, Counterattack
dur: One scene
dep: gevurah, daat

text: In due course a wise man must harness the raw creative energy seen in
[Hokhmah] to tease out its potential, and working through its possibilities.

With this Charm active, the martial artist sees the consequences of his own
and others' actions.  Any unexpected attacks against him are no longer
unexpected.  The penalty from any coordinated attacks against him is reduced
by his Essence.  The character gains an automatic counterattack against each
attack on him, though he suffers flurry penalties in counterattacking
flurries.  When counterattacking, he may target and damage dematerialized
beings as if they were materialized, and any external penalties due to Stealth
effects employed by that attacker are reduced by his Essence.

If the character already has [Hokhmah] active, this Charm may be activated
without paying the Willpower cost.

Only characters who have access to Celestial martial arts can learn this
Charm.


name: hokhmah, Hokhmah
cost: 8m, 1wp
mins: Martial Arts 4, Ess 4
type: Simple
key: Combo-Basic, Shaping
dur: One scene
dep: daat, hesed

text: Opening herself up to raw, pre-conscious creative insight, the martial
artist's actions spring from nowhere, from the primal energy of Chaos.  With
this Charm active, all of the character's attacks for the rest of the scene
become unexpected.

In addition, any attack which causes damage also has the chance of afflicting
a temporary Wyld mutation, chosen by the storyteller, as a Shaping effect.
The character makes a contested roll of ([Essence + Willpower] ÷ 2) against
the target.  If the character wins, the target suffers a mutation; if she
botches, she suffers one herself.  Bashing damage inflicts a pox or
deficiency, lethal an affliction or debility, and aggravated a blight or
deformity.

If the target (or the character) has already suffered a mutation due to this
Charm in the current scene, the new mutation replaces the previous one.  If
the target uses magic to resist this Shaping effect, the character gains a
point of Hodge.  The mutation fades at the end of the scene.

[TODO: Not sure what this should do against raksha, since I don't know
anything about their combat system.]

If the character already has [Binah] active, this Charm may be activated
without paying the Willpower cost.

Only characters who have access to Celestial martial arts can learn this
Charm.


name: keter, Keter
cost: --
mins: Martial Arts 5, Ess 5
type: Permanent
key: None
dur: Permanent
dep: binah, daat, hokhmah

text: Reaching the pinnacle of her form, the martial artist internalises all
she has learned, and is able to apply it unconsciously, her faith in higher
powers rewarded with a direct connection.

After learning this Charm, all Simple Charms in this form become Reflexive,
and all Charms with the Combo-Basic keyword change to Combo-OK.  Any
pre-existing Combos involving Combo-Basic Charms from this form may be
extended to include other Charms, by paying the difference in experience.
This extension may only be carried out once per Combo.

Also, the character may reflexively spend 1 Willpower at any point in a scene,
after which all Charms in this form have their Willpower cost reduced by 1, to
a minimum of 0, and their mote cost reduced by 1, to a minimum of 1.

Only characters who have access to Celestial martial arts can learn this
Charm.
