name: intro, .
text: The Lotus Tree Style focuses on increasing the martial artist's fighting prowess by bringing him to a higher understanding of how his base, mortal nature is derived from the underlying nature of Creation, which connects him to higher powers and to everything around him, including those he fights.

The origins of this form are obscure.  Forming a bridge between the Terrestrial and Celestial arts for Dragon-Blooded warriors, it is clearly intended for their use.  Yet it bypasses the path of Pasiap's Humility and, while not explicitly heretical, its philosophical focus on a personal connection to higher powers doesn't sit comfortably with Immaculate teachings.  Some bronze faction Sidereals suspect their Solar-loving adversaries have developed it to undermine the Immaculate faith, while correspondingly some members from other factions see it as yet another bronze mechanism of reward and control.  Those less obsessed with factions worry that it might have come from some other source altogether.  In any case, it has so far been learned by only a few of the more esoterically-inclined Immaculates, and a slightly larger number of Outcaste martial artists.

Ths style weapons of this form are those worn closest to the body: fighting gauntlets and boots, including tiger claws, and certain close-combat enhancement such as razor harnesses.  The style is compatible with light armor.

> This martial arts form is inspired by the Sephiroth of the Kabbalah, which explains why some Charms have unnecessary prerequisites: it's to make the shape of the Sephiroth.  Each Charm includes a very brief statement of my understanding of the corresponding Sephirah, based on not-so-extensive research via Wikipedia :-)


name: malkuth, Ruler of Passions*Nature (Malkuth)
cost: --
mins: Martial Arts 1, Ess 1
type: Permanent
key: None
dur: Permanent
dep: 
text: Mastery of the Martial Arts requires discipline, but the path is not found by repressing one's natural impulses, rather by focussing them.  The student acknowledges her passions, and begins to see how to open them up to inspiration from higher powers.

When purchasing this Charm, the character chooses an existing Intimacy, which is at full strength (equal to his Conviction).  Thereafter, she may channel this Intimacy as if it were a Virtue, though only on Martial Arts actions which support that Intimacy.  As with Virtues, each use reduces the number of channels by one, until they are refreshed at the end of the story.  Each time the character channels this Intimacy, it counts as a scene spent reinforcing that Intimacy, if applicable, though this never increases the number of channels available.  The character may not channel both an Intimacy and a Virtue on the same action.

If the Intimacy is broken, the character may rebuild it and continue to use this Charm, or spend 2xp to transfer it to another Intimacy.  If the Intimacy is somehow corrupted or otherwise changed, the Charm remains connected to that Intimacy, unless and until it is broken and the character pays experience to transfer it.  The character cannot buy this Charm more than once; however, at Essence 4, the character may apply it to Martial Arts actions supporting her Motivation, as well as those supporting the chosen Intimacy.

> Malkuth is the place where emotions become actions, drawing power from created reality (rather than from the forces which created and sustain it).  Sometimes explained as "kingship".


name: yesod, Abiding Foundation Stance*(Yesod)
cost: 2+m
mins: Martial Arts 2, Ess 2
type: Reflexive (Step 10)
key: Combo-OK
dur: Instant
dep: malkuth
text: Higher powers are all very well, but a student of the Martial Arts needs a firm foundation in the physical realm, if she is to apply her blows effectively.

For the cost of two motes, the character may activate this Charm to ignore any single, non-magical effect which would cause knockdown, knockback, or otherwise move her.  If the effect is magical, the cost increases by a number of motes equal to the attacker's Essence.  Against effects from beings whose Essence is greater than the character's own Essence, she must succeed on a Valor roll, or else this Charm fails.

> Yesod connects spiritual concepts (rather than emotions) to the real world, forming a "foundation" of "truth".


name: hod, Suffering-the-Wicked Stance*(Hod)
cost: 3m
mins: Martial Arts 2, Ess 2
type: Reflexive
key: Combo-OK
dur: One action
dep: yesod
text: One who fights from the heart as much as with his fists understands that he may defeat an enemy by many means.  Sometimes, it is enough to convince one's opponent of the error of his ways, and shame him into stepping down.

This Charm is used in an attempt to end combat.  The character may use it in any action on which he calls on his opponents to stop fighting, provided he is making an honest attempt to bring hostilies to a halt.  The Charm cannot be used if he has attacked or counterattack on that action (though he may defend), or believes that any allies of his will ignore his call for truce.  If anyone attacks him in that action, successfully or not, he gains a bonus of (Temperance) dice to any attacks against them on his next action.  If nobody attacks him, but he goes back on his word and attacks on his next action, his attacks will be at an internal penalty of -(Temperance), due to shame at failing to live up do his own standards of integrity.

This Charm can validly benefit Charms based on other traits in a Combo.  For example, it might be used with a Presence-based Charm to lend weight to the charater's plea.

> Hod is "majesty" and "sincerity": a display of one's genuinely virtuous nature, shown as restraint and benificence, followed by punishment of those who failed to live up to that generosity.


name: netzah, Firm Hand of Kindness*(Netzah)
cost: 2m
mins: Martial Arts 2, Ess 2
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK, Knockback
dur: Instant
dep: yesod
text: If your enemy does not see that she is in the wrong, then to strike her down is a kindness, for surely she must learn this.

The character supplements his attack with this Charm, sending his opponent flying and redirecting any wounding force into this effort.  On a successful attack, the target takes no damage but must make a check against Knockback.  The attacker still makes a damage roll, ignoring Hardness.  Any unsoaked levels of damage are treated instead as an internal penalty to the Knockback check.  If the target fails the check, the distance travelled is multiplied by the character's
Compassion, and the target must check for Stunning using the unsoaked damage value calculated.

The martial artist cannot activate this Charm if he believes that the Knockback will leave the target in greater danger (for example, knocking them towards an ally of the character, or off the edge of a cliff).

> Netzah is harshness applied to teach a lesson, which is ultimately a kindness; "tough love".


name: tiferet, Lotus Tree Form*(Tiferet)
cost: 5m
mins: Martial Arts 3, Ess 3
type: Simple
key: Form-type
dur: One scene
dep: hod, yesod, netzah
text: Experience can be its own reward, if one learns from one's failures; but sometimes warriors and heroes are blessed with greater rewards.  Whether this is pure luck, the meddling of the Maidens, or some twist of the fabric of reality, who can say?  And, really, who would stop to ask?

Activating this Form, the character performs a ritual survey of the world, preparing himself to learn from all that happens: he looks all around himself, then down at his own hands and feet, then within himself, and lastly into the eyes of his opponents.

While this Charm is active, attacks which are made in earnest, but fail, attract the benificence of some higher power to give the martial artist a chance to survive longer and try again.  If an attack fails to hit an opponent at all, the next time the character defends against an attack, he adds (Martial Arts ÷ 2) to his Dodge and Parry DV.  If instead his attack hits, but does no damage due to the opponent's Hardness or Soak, his next defence gains the bonus of (Martial Arts ÷ 2) to his bashing and lethal soak, as well as to his DVs.

If the character makes a flurry of attacks, and only some fail, then each separate failure grants bonuses against one separate subsequent attack.

Lastly, the first time a character would be reduced to Incapacitated or Dying in the scene, he instead remains on one -4 health level.

> Tiferet is compassion freely given, in recognition of the recipient's good character, even if their actions are in error or unworthy.


name: gevurah, Righteous Judgement Mien*(Gevurah)
cost: 4m
mins: Martial Arts 3, Ess 3
type: Reflexive (Step 2)
key: Combo-OK, Emotion
dur: (Essence) actions
dep: hod, tiferet
text: If his enemies try the patience of the martial artist too greatly, he may be unwilling to teach them lessons, or even allow them into his presence.  With a harsh glance of contempt, the budding master warns off those who offend him.

This Charm evokes feelings of shame and inadequacy in any who would attack or approach the character, or simply look him in the eyes.  Anyone who can see the martial artist and has a Dodge MDV less than his (Willpower + Martial Arts) suffers an internal penalty equal to his (Willpower ÷ 2) to any actions which include an attack on or motion toward him.

If the character attacks a given opponent, any penalty imposed by this Charm is immediately removed for that opponent.  Furthermore, an opponent may pay 1wp to overcome this effect for the remainder of the scene.

> Gevurah is "severity" and "judgement", directly punishing the wicked and setting boundaries on their behaviour, unless and until they earn blessings.


name: chesed, Spontaneous Oblation Strike*(Chesed)
cost: 3m
mins: Martial Arts 3, Ess 3
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK
dur: Instant
dep: tiferet, netzah
text: The principle of charity, whereby love and help are given regardless of the recipients' merits, has an analog in the world of combat.  Driving her strikes from the center of her own being, regardless of an opponent's actions, she makes it much more difficult for anyone to predict, and hence defend against, her actions.

This Charm supplements a Martial Arts attack, imposing an external penalty on the opponent's Parry and Dodge DV equal to the character's Martial Arts rating.  If the chracter is attempting an unexpected attack, add (Martial Arts) dice to the (Dexterity + Stealth) roll.  If the victim notices the attack, he or she still suffers a DV penalty as before.

> Chesed is unconditional love, given because it is in the nature of the giver to do so, regardless of whether the recipient deserves it.


name: daat, Will-and-Wisdom Unity*(Da'at)
cost: 5m, 1wp
mins: Martial Arts 4, Ess 3
type: Simple
key: Combo-Basic, Enlightening
dur: One scene
dep: gevurah, tiferet, chesed
text: As the martial artist truly begins to master this form, he begins to sense the bridge between the simple forms of reality and the underlying Essence which forms it.

He becomes able to see the Essence signature of all beings within a range of (Martial Arts + Essence) yards.  This allows him to see immaterial beings, and grants a +2 bonus to any applicable rolls to perceive hidden or invisible beings.  It does not allow him to see through walls or full cover.  It also allows him to strike immaterial beings, albeit at a -2 penalty to accuracy and damage.

From the Essence patterns he observes, the master will understand whether a being is significantly more or less powerful than himself, but will gain no other information.

Dragon-Blooded who learn this Charm gain access to Celestial martial arts, including the rest of this style.  Mortals are not enlightened by learning this Charm, however, and may not progress beyond it in this style.

> Da'at is fruition of knowledge, unifying all the other Sephiroth, bringing inspiration, ideas and plans into practice.  It is also "conscious competence", in comparison to the "unconscious competence" of Keter.


name: binah, Untwining The Instant*(Binah)
cost: 3m, 1wp
mins: Martial Arts 5, Ess 3
type: Reflexive (Step 2)
key: Combo-OK, Obvious
dur: Instant
dep: gevurah, daat
text: It is impossible to fully focus the raw understanding of all reality through the conscious mind, but a student at this level can bring herself to this state for a split second, at one small point.  She gains thereby an exact understanding of her opponent's incoming blow, her own body, and how to ensure the two do not intersect.

This Charm is activated in response to a single physical attack, and perfectly dodges it, except as follows.  It is ineffective against unblockable or undodgeable attacks.  Against area-effect attacks which are not unblockable or undodgeable the Charm is imperfect, but reduces the post-soak damage by the character's (Essence + Martial Arts).

Only characters who have access to Celestial martial arts can learn this Charm.

> Binah is deductive reasoning, able to elaborate on ideas, but not provide them by itself.


name: chokhmah, Penetrating Insight Strike*(Chokhmah)
cost: 3m, 1wp
mins: Martial Arts 5, Ess 3
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK, Obvious
dur: Instant
dep: daat, chesed
text: As the student of self-perfection reaches ever closer to connection with the fabric of reality, he begins to receive flashes of inspiration during combat, revealing the ideal moment for a strike.  If he opens himself to following these insights, he may land blows which seem impossible.

This Charm supplements the martial artist's attack, ensuring that it perfectly succeeds, except against the most powerful of opponents.  If his attack would miss without this Charm, it instead hits, calculating damage based on 0 attack successes.  Any sort of perfect defense will defeat this attack, however.

Only characters who have access to Celestial martial arts can learn this Charm.

> Chockhmah is "insight" and "inspiration": ideas appearing from nowhere, as yet undirected and unfinished.


name: keter, Fist-and-Foe Unity*(Keter)
cost: 5m, 1wp
mins: Martial Arts 5, Ess 4
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK, Counterattack
dur: One scene
dep: binah, daat, chokhmah
text: The pinnacle of understanding reachable through this style gives the practitioner an intuitive knowledge of the positions and actions of all who oppose her.  She automatically coordinates her movements with theirs, to best defend herself and respond to attacks, without conscious thought on her part.

For the remainder of the scene in which the character activates this Charm, it reduces penalties from coordinated attacks by her Martial Arts rating, to a minimum of zero.  If the character is surrounded and unable to manoeuvre, any opponents at her back do not gain an unexpected attack simply because of their positional advantage (though other effects may allow unexpected attacks).  Most importantly, the martial artist may reflexively (in Step 9) spend 1 mote any time she successfully blocks or dodges an attack, or 2 motes if the attack succeeds, to gain a counterattack against that opponent.  These counterattacks are not valid against ranged attacks.

Only characters who have access to Celestial martial arts can learn this Charm.

> Keter is the "crown", the pinnacle of "will" and "faith"; pure consciousness, beyond categories and ideas.
