TMA Overview

As a couple of folks on the forums have pointed out, each style needs its own theme, otherwise it's just a combat Charm tree.  So, I think the them for the TMA version of a Kabbalah-based MA has to be about reaching a higher awareness of oneself, and one's relationship with everything else (particularly, one's opponents).

Form weapons should be fighting gauntlets and boots, including tiger claws.


Kabbalah Overview

From Malkhut up to Hesed/Gevurah are linked to "conscious emotions"; Hokhmah/Binah/Daat to "conscious intellect"; and Keter to "above-conscious [Divine?] intellect".

The left side of the tree is sort of about severity, control, restriction, analysis, development -- water, female.  The right side is about giving, inspiration, insight, instigation -- fire, male. The center is about balancing these two.

Keter is the "unconscious" version of Daat.



Malkhut

"Kingdom", "Kingship".  Lowest level of the tree (and connects to the Keter of the "next world down", but I didn't use that).  The place where emotions become actions.  Power that comes from "God's creation" (the physical reality formed from motes, and mortals in particular) as opposed to "God" (flows of Essence, and the Wyld).


Yesod

"Foundation", "Truth".  The place where spiritual concepts (Essence, Virtues?, drive to create) are connected/translated to actions and things in the real world ("which unite us with God").  (A bit like Malkhut, but manifesting higher power, instead of emotions.)

Yesod, Hod and Netzah together form the "tactical Sephiroth": implementing the drives of "God".



Hod

"Majesty", "Sincerity".  A display of one's genuinely virtuous nature, shown as restraint and benificence, followed by punishment of the wicked (those who failed to live up to deserving that generous spirit).

Like Netzah, it is a means to an end: doing one thing to achieve something different.  Thus in Hod, one is virtuous to show up or flush out the wicked: "give them enough rope ...".


Netzah

"Victory", "Eternity".  Harshness applied to teach a lesson, which is ultimately a kindness; "tough love".


Tiferet

"Mercy", "Beauty".  Compassion freely given in response to the suffering of one who has tried and failed.  Between the prosecutor and the defence sits the judge: if the accused can be shown to have erred despite trying to have character, and to have learned his lesson, the judge may be lenient.  If a child fails, or a farmer with a failed harvest comes begging, we may be moved to help: neither because we are overflowing with generosity, nor because they have done something to deserve it, but because we sympathise with their struggles in life.

Tiferet, Gevurah and Hesed together comprise the "active Sephiroth", the main aspects of the connection between "God" and man.


Gevurah

"Severity", "Judgement".  Directly and immediately punishing the wicked.  Setting boundaries on behaviour, and requiring people to earn blessings, as opposed to Hesed, which gives freely.


Hesed

"Kindness", "Unconditional Love".  Love and benificence that is given apropos of nothing, only because it is in the nature of the giver to do so.  It is not earned by the recipients.


Binah

"Understanding", "Deductive Reasoning".  Binah takes the flash of inspiration from Hokhmah, and analyses it to elaborate its facets, and consider the implications of carrying out the idea.

Binah, Hokhmah and Daat together comprise the "rational/intellectual Sephiroth", related with the path from inspiration to the drive to act.


Hokhmah

"Insight", "Inspiration".  The flash of insight or understanding in which a new concept is first perceived.


Daat

"Knowledge", "Fruition".  The inspiration of Hokhmah filters through the analysis of Binah, but the idea remains an abstract possibility, until it is made concrete.  Ideas adopted as desires, plans and practice.


Keter

"Crown", "Will", "Faith".  The unconscious version of Daat.  Unconscious competence and practice, as opposed to the conscious effort made to reach Daat.  Pure consciousness, beyond categories and ideas.

Keter is the above-conscious Sephiroth, twinned with Daat; normally one or other of them is omitted from or only sketched in a drawing of the Sephiroth.
