1st: When the character uses a Charm with this Flaw to defend against an
opponent's attacks, he cannot directly harm that opponent until his DV
refreshes twice.  Harm includes any unwanted alteration to traits, or damage
to possessions on the opponent's person.  The character may restrain, distract
or otherwise interfere with his opponent, and may allow harm to befall the
opponent from other sources.  If the character defends against attacks from
multiple opponents before his DV refreshes twice, this stricture applies
against each.

2nd: When the character uses a Charm with this Flaw to defend against an
opponent's attacks, he must use any further actions to target that opponent
until his DV refreshes twice.  If the opponent is not a valid target on any
such action, the character may act as he chooses.  If the character defends
against attacks from multiple opponents before his DV refreshes twice, he may
pick any one of them on each attack.

3rd: When the character uses a Charm with this Flaw to defend against an
opponent's attacks, he must use any further actions to help any of his own
allies, be they joined in battle or bystanders, until his DV refreshes twice.
Help must take the form of defending one or more allies, or joining in a
coordinated of their choosing.  He must help with actions relating to the
opponent against which he defended, in preference to any other applicable
actions, if given a choice.  If the character defends against attacks from
multiple opponents before his DV refreshes twice, he may prefer any one of
them on each helpful action.

4th: When the character uses a Charm with this Flaw to defend against an
opponent's attacks, he connects to them unconsciously until his DV refreshes
twice, giving that individual insight into his actions in the moments before
he takes them.  The opponent gains one of two benefits for that period, at her
choice: either +3 to each attack against the character as if awarded by an Aim
action, or +3 to her DVs against attacks made by the character.  If the
character defends against attacks from multiple opponents before his DV
refreshes twice, each of them benefits in this way.

5th: When the character uses a Charm with this Flaw to defend against an
opponent's attacks, he effectively concedes authority to his opponent by going
entirely on the defensive.  Until his DV refreshes twice, he cannot act until
at least the tick after his opponent's next action, although he can
counterattack.  If the opponent becomes Inactive, leaves combat, or the
Storyteller otherwise decides he has no prospect of acting, the restriction of
this flaw ends.  If the character defends against attacks from multiple
opponents before, each of them must take one action before the character can
act, and this waiting game happens at least twice.  If an opponent simply
chooses to Guard on his action tick, that still counts as an action, allowing
the character to then take his turn.  If the character would otherwise act
more than one tick after the opponent's next action, he must wait until that
tick as usual.
